# Dream Journal
## Atomize
Ok so this one is unedited. It's straight brain to paper after a dream, so the writing will get better.

### The Story
#### Village Arc
> It all starts in the village at the edge of a large empire. The empire consists of thousands of medium to small islands, each with their own distinct magical abilities.
> <br>We are in the body of a young man. While unexpecting on the outside, he holds within him a big secret. He is one of the last Oracles to ever exist. His younger sister, back home at the capital, is the only other one. When they were younger, the youngest was cursed to experience his ailments on a smaller scale. And while you can treat him from afar through his sister, the two do not wish to be life bound anymore. Earlier in the year, we had received a prophetic dream that the small village we are now in was important.
> <br>Finding the cure is not the only goal here in this village. You see, we work in a secret three person organization. Along with the Second Crown Prince and the Royal Mage. The three of us had received word that there was unrest in the village. So the SCP sent his most trustworthy knight, with the promise of taking care of his sister, there to spy.
> <br>We join the knight at the tail end of a meeting with the SCP and the RM. The SCP had already returned to his duties, but the RM and the OK are still speaking. Speaking puts it lightly, having a relationship spat is more like it. The RM is no Oracle, but they have one of the best intuitions on the planet. And his instincts are going haywire with their partner practically on the other side of the kingdom. In a place he's never been too, so he can't teleport when something goes wrong. And his trying to tell the OK that he needs to get out of there. Stat.
><br> But our poor OK is very stubborn. And he has two missions here, and he's going to complete them. And we're a damn oracle, and our dreams told us to be here. We'll be fine. But of course, his dear RM is, as usual, right. And a few minutes after ending communications, the village is attacked. Attacked by a mysterious demon army. With hellhounds. Many, many hellhounds. The OK barely manages to make it out alive. And he's still being followed by a few of the demonic hounds. He has enough time to send out an "HOLY FUCK SHIT EVERYTHING'S GOING WRONG" message, before he has to cut communications out of fear of being tracked by the more, logical, creatures.

#### Return Arc
> So now we're on the run on foot. Any other form of transportation was either killed or destroyed. Fun fact about hellhounds, they have 4 legs and are very fast. We may be very fast, but we only have two legs. So the chase is long and harrowing. Not long after the beginning, we realize there something else with four legs following us. But it doesn't have the same demonic energy as the other beasts following us. And while we lose the hellhounds somehow, this animal is still making a beeline for us.
> <br>While we're hurriedly trying to make a boat. A headless dog bursts into the clearing. And we discover what the real purpose of that town was. The CP was attempting to create an army of unkillable creatures. And started experiments with small rodents. And had worked his way up to dogs. This pupper was the only success. Sensing no ill will coming from it, we allow it to climb up in our backpack, and we make haste across the water.
> <br>We arrive back in the capital, through not exactly legal means. Concerned about the headless nature of our new dog, we craft him a head, and with a little magic and a blue handkerchief, we have a totally completely normal Pyrenees dog.
> <br> On the way back up to the castle through the catacombs, we are stopped by the CP's men. Who attempt to arrest us under the pretense of us being the cause of the destruction of the village. And also tried to take our dog. Which is honestly bullshit and everyone there knew it. Lucky for us, we were then teleported into the RM's chamber, where the aforementioned mage, the TWO CP's and our sister were waiting.

#### Castle Arc
> So now we're on the run on foot. Any other form of transportation was either killed or destroyed. Fun fact about hellhounds, they have 4 legs and are very fast. We may be very fast, but we only have two legs. So the chase is long and harrowing. Not long after the beginning, we realize there something else with four legs following us. But it doesn't have the same demonic energy as the other beasts following us. And while we lose the hellhounds somehow, this animal is still making a beeline for us.
> <br>While we're hurriedly trying to make a boat. A headless dog bursts into the clearing. And we discover what the real purpose of that town was. The CP was attempting to create an army of unkillable creatures. And started experiments with small rodents. And had worked his way up to dogs. This pupper was the only success. Sensing no ill will coming from it, we allow it to climb up in our backpack, and we make haste across the water.
> <br>We arrive back in the capital, through not exactly legal means. Concerned about the headless nature of our new dog, we craft him a head, and with a little magic and a blue handkerchief, we have a totally completely normal Pyrenees dog.
> <br>On the way back up to the castle through the catacombs, we are stopped by the CP's men. Who attempt to arrest us under the pretense of us being the cause of the destruction of the village. And also tried to take our dog. Which is honestly bullshit and everyone there knew it. Lucky for us, we were then teleported into the RM's chamber, where the aforementioned mage, the TWO CP's and our sister were waiting.

### Others
#### Character Descriptions
> CP - (Crown Prince) An older version of SCP with black hair and frown lines.
> <br>SCP - (Second Crown Prince) Kind of looks like my Laurence Sim
> <br>RM - (Royal Mage) Starborn, but has two human forms. His day to day is one emo bitch. Black hair, eye circles, gothic robes the whole nine yards. The form he uses for public appearances is basically the same as Phobos from W.I.T.C.H.  
> <br>His Star form basically blurs the edges of his human form. And his physical features are covered with a myriad of galaxies and stars. *Note: Insert Photos later*
> <br>OK - (Oracle Knight) We never really saw ourselves, up to whatever you want.
> <br>OS - (Oracle Saint) Zelda but with longer blonde hair and slightly softer features (we don't have to be identical, but we are twins)

#### RM Thoughts
> Imagine you're the RM. And the last conversation you had with your partner was telling him he needs to leave a dangerous situation and he ignored you. And you ended the communications on a sour note. And you're trying to go about your duties, keeping your mind off of worrying about him. Cause, you’re the great Royal Mage! You can't show sign of distress.
> <br>Now, as your looking down upon the tea gathering in the gardens from the tower. You see the SCP come hastily in, with a grim look on his face, and making a beeline for the OS. And they have quick conversation, and they both start heading towards your tower. So you check comms, and see the "HOLY FUCK SHIT EVERYTHING'S GOING WRONG" message. As well as the "connection lost" message. How would that make you feel?
> <br>1. Vindictive that you were right all along.
> <br>2. Panicking. Cause where the fuck is your partner.
> <br>3. Angry. Where the fuck is my partner. I'm going to burn down a small unnecessary building.
> <br>4. Let's go the logic route. We're finding this fucker and I'm smacking the shit out of him.

#### The Letter
> Hello everyone, you might have noticed that I'm not in the castle. Today, as I'm sure you've heard from REDACTED that we've both received the prophecy of the destruction of the kingdom. But more importantly, I guess I should explain how I got down here. I woke up with the most devastating headache I've ever had. Now that I think about it, it was probably a migraine. I digress. All I knew was that I had to get down to the docks. Now I might have scared some of our citizens with the sluggish way I was walking. But it's a bit too late now. We have more pressing matters at hand. Which I'll get to in a minute.
> <br>When I arrived at the docks, as soon as I set foot on wood planks it's made of, my mind was flung forward. And an influx of information greeted my third eye. The demons are just across the horizon. And their army has grown. Those killed by them are taking up as thralls. There are more hellhounds than ever before. This is not a battle that can be won. I strongly recommend we evacuate everyone, citizens and soldiers alike.
> <br>This may come as a surprise to you, but I've decided to stay. My mind is clearing as these two excellent young fellows are writing. And it's my duty to protect this kingdom to my dying breath. Ergo, I'm staying and you can't convince me otherwise. So I am to write down my last words to you.
> <br>**REDACTED**: You have been one of my closest friends since childhood. And since then, I knew that you would make a much better king than that bitch of a brother. Growing up alongside of you was one of the happiest experiences in my life. From beating you in horse races, to beating to you in hunting competitions to beating you in finding love first, I have loved one upping you in every aspect in life. I jest. You're the closest thing to an older brother I have ever had. And for that I love and adore you. Please do not miss me when I'm gone. I'm going to haunt your ass, so we can continue pilfering the kitchens for the rest of our lives.
><br> **REDACTED**: My beloved baby sister. I'm sorry for all of the pain I have caused you over the years. Physically and mentally. It seems to the very end I was unable to cure you of that damn curse. And for that, I will apologize for the rest of eternity. I know that I haven't said it enough growing up but I love you. Since the death of our parents, it's been you and me against the world, and I wouldn't have it any other way. Please forget anything mean I said during puberty, I didn't mean any of it. I was lashing out at the wrong person. It's something I'll never forgive myself for. As you continue on to be the last oracle living, I hope the rest of your prophecies be merry.
> <br>**REDACTED**: Hey love. I know you're probably mad at me. And you should be. Making this decision without your input. But I feel like it was important to do. I'm sorry that our last few conversations have been arguments due to my own pig headed behavior.  I'm sorry that I'm throwing a massive wrench in our plans for the future. You didn't ask for such an idiot of a boyfriend did you. I love you too the moons and back, and then some. May I forever last in your memory, as I speak your name as my final breath.
_ _ _ _

## Gaia's Wrath
### The Story
> Two girls are suddenly captured by a portal, and are transported to a tropical island full of strange Pokémon. As they walk through the forest, unafraid, many Pokémon approached them in curiosity. Eventually, a Pokémon that look similar to a bear cub stained yellow, approached them with a gleam of higher intelligence in his eye. It leads them to a group of 5 Guys, who in turn lead them to the scientist that is the defacto leader of the island. The scientist, being there the longest (since the 1600s), has gone crazy, but is loving it. Spends most of her days talking to her plants and doing experiments. However, Gaia doesn't see her fit to be a leader, and tries to take charge. Janet stands awkwardly behind everyone.
<br> While **Gaia** and **the scientist** were talking, **Sun** lead **Janet** to a crystal hatch that had mysteriously opened. Upon leading her to **Moon**, the two cubs initiated a soul contract with **Janet**, and they were so cute she had to accept. After the contract is finished, she exits the hatch and immediately runs in to **the scientist**. **The scientist** explains how never could figure out how to open the hatch, and gave up trying when starting to focus on survival. When arriving back at **the scientists** home, Gaia is consumed by jealousy, as she had been wanting to keep **Sun** as a pet. She was trying to convince one of the **Five Guys** to give her one of their few pokéballs. As **Gaia** watches the three interact, she grows angrier and angrier, and plants start to grow out of her body, beautiful and deadly.
<br>Fed up with her attitude, **Janet** rightfully points out **Gaia's** selfishness, which causes the young women to detonate. How dare **Janet** speak to her in that way? As she erupts in anger, **Gaia** attacks **Janet**, trying to steal her bears.

### Characters
#### Gaia
> **Gaia** is quite a popular girl, whose used to getting her way. Her and **Janet** were good friends, however, having known each other since the cradle days. When the island starts affecting their minds, she becomes consumed by her anger at not being the special one for once.

#### Janet
> Janet is significantly less popular than **Gaia**, and kept to her self. She loves **Gaia**, but entering school has seriously changed her from the kind and loving child she once knew. The island didn't affect her mind like **Gaia** and **the scientist**, as it had chosen her as it's **deity [subject to change]** .

####