---
cssclasses:
  - sims-4
---
> Prompt: Just because one of your chicken eggs hatched a fire breathing dragon people think you’re evil. But you’re still just a regular farmer trying to make a living while dealing with an overprotective dragon, heroes that want to kill you and fanatics who want to worship you as the new Demon Lord.
> @dycefic on Tumblr

The thing you need to know about all of this, the thing that got me into all this trouble in the first place, is that chickens will sit on anything when they get broody enough. Anything. Duck eggs, goose eggs, turkey eggs, lizard eggs, egg shaped rocks, anything. Chickens aren’t smart. If it looks vaguely like an egg, they’ll plant their feathery arses on it and wait.
I noticed that there was a bigger egg under one of the broody chickens, when I checked. Of course I noticed, it was twice the size of the others. But I have geese. I figured it was a goose egg she’d found and stolen. It was about the right size, and I didn’t take it out to check the colour because that particular chicken gets very protective of her eggs. I’ve already got a scar on one hand from trying to get eggs away from her. I didn’t want a matched set.
That was a decision I regretted the moment I went out to feed the chickens and found a little blue-and-silver dragonet’s head poking out from under a very confused-looking chicken. The poor thing kept shifting around and looking under herself in a bewildered way, like she didn’t know what to do next. This particular chicken is a good mother, and she’s raised clutches of ducks and geese without any trouble – she’s even resigned to some of her children swimming – but this was too much. She didn’t object when I carefully reached in and fished out the little dragon.
It was so tiny, then. It fitted in my hand, with its little head peeking out one side and its tail looping around my wrist. Cute, too, with its big eyes and little snout turned up towards me.
That was when I made my second mistake. I decided to feed it before releasing it. Dragons are innately wild creatures, everyone knows that. They can’t be tamed. People have tried. The eggs are abandoned as soon as they are laid, and the dragonets hatch able to hunt, so they don’t even bond with their mothers. So just feeding it a little shouldn’t have been a big deal. It should have gobbled the meat and fled as soon as I loosened my grip on it and it saw the open sky.
It didn’t. As soon as I’d fed it, it fluttered up to a sunny window ledge and went to sleep. I went about my work, figuring that it’d leave in its own time.
By noon, it was sitting on my boot, squeaking pathetically. I wondered if maybe it was confused by the farmyard – they usually hatch in mountains, if the stories are right – so I took it back to the farmhouse with me and fed it again when I ate, then took some time away from the fences I should have been mending to walk it up to the hills. I found it some nice rocks, with plenty of lizards and beetles and suitable prey for something that size. It pounced on a beetle almost as soon as I put it down, and when I left it was crunching happily.
I hadn’t walked a quarter of the way back before something hit the back of my boot. The little dragon was holding on with all four claws, and when I looked down it squeaked pathetically. If possible, its eyes got even rounder.
Listen, you don’t make it as a farmer if you just let orphaned baby animals die. We hand-raise calves and lambs and ponies, set chickens to sit on abandoned eggs, or put them under the kitchen stove or by a fireplace. You don’t make a success of farming if you don’t value every animal. A good shepherd will spend all night looking for one lost sheep. So despite what was said later, it wasn’t just sentiment that made me sigh and pick up the little thing and carry it back to the farm.  I am a good farmer. I don’t let orphaned babies die just because they’re a little work.
And the dragonet really wasn’t much work. It slept by the fire, and followed me around by day like one of my dogs. It mostly fed itself, after the first few days. A farm always has plenty of rats and mice, lizards and bugs of all descriptions, and the dragon was fast and clever. After a while I named her Diver, because her favourite trick was to dive down on her prey from above. I started thinking of her as ‘her’ even before that, though I wasn’t sure how you told with dragons. But most animals on a farm are female, and most animals will throw more females than males, overall. The odds seemed to lean towards female, so that’s what I called her.
The dogs got used to her quickly, and soon she was riding around on their backs when her little wings got tired. The cows and my few sheep probably thought she was a strange sort of bird, and the chickens just seemed to find her confusing. The geese, of course, tried to eat her. Geese are like that. Once they found out that she was wearing very tough scales and could whip around to bite even when they had a firm grip on her, they reluctantly left her alone.
Diver was nearly a month old the first time a hawk tried to take her. She’d grown a lot – she was nearly the size of a chicken, now, at least in length, though still no bigger around than a chicken’s egg. She was big enough now that she’d started venturing further away from me, and while no hawk would try to take something off a human’s shoulder – no smart one anyway – a fluttering thing at the other end of a field was another matter altogether.
I didn’t see the stoop – I was closing the gate behind the cows I’d moved into that field – but I heard Diver’s shriek of alarm and turned in time to see the puff of flame. When I got there, Diver was sitting next to the scorched remains of a hawk, looking puzzled. She opened and shut her mouth a few times, as if wondering what had just happened inside it, then she sneezed and shot a jet of flame over nearly a foot of grass. Fortunately it was an early spring morning, and between dew and damp the grass might have been wetter if it had been raining, but not by much. Then she looked up at me in bewilderment.
“Don’t do it inside the house,” I told her, and filled a couple of buckets to leave inside, just in case.
My farm is a remote one. Diver was two months old before anyone saw her but me and the father and son who acted as my farmhands. I couldn’t pay them much, but they were landless people and glad to find a farmer willing to let them build a snug cottage on my land, and pay coin for their work besides. They hoped I would leave them the farm, I think. I might have – I didn’t have any children, and they would take good care of the place. Anyway, they didn’t give me any trouble about Diver. They both said, and I agreed, that like any baby wild creature she would revert to wildness when she grew bigger. A fox cub or a young crow can be a pet for a season, but they go back to their own kind in the end.
One of my neighbours, a sheep-farmer named Pegg, was the first. He came, as he does every now and then, to buy a couple of fat geese for his wife to cook. She’s scared to death of geese, so they don’t keep them, but now and then they’ll buy a gander or two for roasting. “What is _that_?” he demanded, staring at Diver, who was sitting up on the back of one of the cows. I’d brought her in to treat a scratched teat, and she was tethered in the yard.
“A cow,” I said, unable to resist. I don’t talk to people often, so my sense of humour doesn’t get exercised as much as it would like.
“No, what’s that on top of it?” He sounded nervous.
“A baby dragon, I think. That stupid fat chicken who’s always broody, the one who’ll even hatch turkey eggs, must have found the egg somewhere. I thought it was a goose egg until it hatched.”
He went pale. “A dragon? What’s it still doing here? They’re wild from the egg, everyone knows that.”
Somehow, I didn’t like the way he looked at me, so I didn’t admit to feeding Diver and making a pet of her. “If you think any sensible dragon would go flying off up to the rocks when it’s getting fat on rats and mice around my barns, you’re stupider than that damned chicken. It’ll move on when it’s hunted me out.”
“Or start eating the chickens.”
“It won’t do that. It’s never bothered the chicks, or the goslings, or even the wild birds. It’ll eat beetles all day, but never birds.” I shrugged. “Who likes getting a mouthful of feathers? That muzzle isn’t like a beak, she can’t rip the skin off without choking herself on them.”
That seemed to reassure him, for some reason. “Well, that’s true. It’s like a wild kitten, I suppose.”
I nodded. The little spotted wild cats often lurked around a farm for the choice pickings, and learned fast not to bother the chickens and ducks when there was all the rats a cat could eat there in the granary. “I was thinking more like a fox cub. They’re clever enough not to run off until they’re big enough to fend for themselves.”
He was nodding, and it might have ended there if another hawk – they were unfortunately common around here – hadn’t chosen that exact moment to make a dive at one of my young pullets, scratching in the courtyard. They usually didn’t do it while I was standing there, but I was some distance away, and it must have thought it was safe.
It wasn’t. Diver had had several encounters with hawks and falcons by then, and she didn’t care for them at all. Even before I’d realized that the circling hawk had stooped, Diver hopped up off the cow’s back, screeching her disapproval, and spat a jet of flame. The hawk was already dead when it hit the ground. Diver’s flame had grown much stronger, and she had never forgotten the first time one of them tried to eat her. She seemed to have a personal grudge, and flamed them whenever they came near her. The cow and chickens didn’t even twitch. They’re all used to her now.
When I looked around, Pegg had taken to his heels.
Two days later, half the village showed up at my gate demanding that I get rid of the dragon. I told them to bugger off. On my farm, I told them, I could keep what animals I chose. Had I ever complained when other farmers raised orphaned creatures? Of course not. Even foxes, which might raid my chicken runs. The little dragon wasn’t hurting anything.
They came back, though. Again and again. The last time, my own neighbours carried pitchforks against me, and lit torches.
But that was in the autumn, and Diver was as long in the body as a horse and as wide around as a sheep. When she saw the torches and weapons, she leaped up from where she had been lying in the sun, and she roared in fury. She had never been hurt by a human, beyond being rapped on the nose when she tried to steal food, but somehow she knew that this time there was danger. She spat flame, high over their heads in clear warning, and they took to their heels. My farm-hands had been with them, and left with them.
I didn’t mind being alone. I’d always been a solitary soul. With Diver’s help, I managed the farm alone. She was clever – I already knew by then that she understood at least as many commands as the dogs did – and very strong.
Keeping her fed through winter wasn’t the easiest matter, but not the hardest, either. She ate little for her size, but her size was that of a winged horse, with seven feet of long tail besides. I snared rabbits for her, sometimes, and there were always deer in the forest. Between that, and the product of the farm, we ate well enough. It wasn’t easy to fit her into the house any more, but I’d moved out some of the furniture and made a space for her to curl up in at night. Sometimes, while her body lay beside the fire, her long neck snaked up to the loft where I slept and she rested her head on the bed beside me. The scales on her face were fine and smooth, like a snake’s skin, and when I stroked her face she sighed and nuzzled me affectionately.
It was towards the end of winter when I heard a voice shouting outside. I went out, surprised, to find a man on horseback, all shining chain mail and glittering breastplate. “What do you want?” I demanded, annoyed. Rich and important he might be, but a freeholder had rights even the wealthy were supposed to respect. On my own land, provided that I’d broken no laws, the king himself must respect my rights.
He looked startled. “I… was told that a dragon had taken this farm for its lair. Perhaps this is not the right – “ Diver galloped around the corner of the barn at that moment, snorting angrily, and he stopped talking so fast he might have bitten his tongue.
“Diver!” I snapped. “Sit! Stay!”
Diver pranced a bit, not wanting to, then sighed and slammed her large bottom down on the snow with an audible thump. Both the dogs, who’d been flanking her, did the same. The picture was ridiculous, and as annoyed as I was, I was chuckling when I turned back to the knight. “Yes, I have a dragon. No, she has not taken my farm. Yes, she is well trained and works my stock just as the dogs do. And if you take one step onto my land and threaten my stock, sir, then I will make a complaint at Moot, and you will have to pay me the value of every animal you have harmed.”
“But…” he pointed at Diver, “dragons cannot be tamed, and they cannot be stock!”
“She’s a working animal, and she has lived here and obeyed my commands for almost a year. And I assure you, I will place the value of the only tame dragon in the world very high.” I leaned in. He was young, and his armour was shiny because it hadn’t seen much use, I could tell. “Are you sure you can pay it?”
He huffed and puffed a little, but he left after that. The second and third did the same. The laws of restitution are ancient, far older than our current king’s lineage, one of the oldest laws we have. What is taken from the one who holds it must be paid for in kind or in coin. When it came to a sheep or a cow, well, that was easy. A child, less so. Replacing the only tame dragon in the world might strain a king’s purse, if the Moot saw it that way.
The fourth knight was different. He came riding a dark brown horse, almost black, and his trappings were black picked out in blue. He didn’t shout, but waited until I saw him. Then he slid off his horse, and knelt before me in the snow.
“What do you want?” I asked him.
“Take me into your service,” he said solemnly. His helm hid most of his face, but the chin and lips were those of a man in his prime, with only the faintest lines around the mouth.
I stared at him. “You want me to _what_?”
“You are the dragon-tamer. They say you are a sorcerer of great power. Let me be your right hand, and I will lead your armies.”
I looked around at the farm-yard, which smelled better than farm-yards usually do only because most of the shit was frozen solid, then at Diver, who looked back at me with as bewildered a look as I had. I swear she looked at him, then looked at me, and shrugged slightly. “I am a farmer, not a sorcerer. The dragon is trained as a herding dog. The only army I’ll ever lead is an angry flock of geese. Get up off your knees and bugger off.”
He rose, and watched me for a long moment. “Then let me buy the dragon of you. I will pay you a fortune in gold for so well-trained a creature.” Something in his voice had changed, and not for the better. He’d respected me before. He didn’t now.
“I don’t want or need a fortune in gold. I am a farmer, nothing more. Go away.”
He drew his sword, then. He was a foolish man. He looked at me and saw a stout woman in middle age, bundled in worn wool, holding only a shovel. Unarmed. Helpless.
I have done the work of two men on the farm since I was a girl. I am broad with muscle, not fat,  strong enough to make even a bull mind me, and I can move very fast when I have to. He was expecting me to try to block the sword with the shovel. Instead I swung low, hitting him in the side of the knee with a force that made bone crack and the man scream.
He only had time for one scream. Then Diver barrelled past me and roasted him inside his armour. Her fire was so hot that the armour blazed red-hot in an instant, and he was a charred and unmoving mass when he hit the snow. Well, he was from the chest up. Diver has figured out that the best way to kill prey is to flash-roast the head, which kills them in seconds but leaves the rest of the body intact and ready for butchering.
“No,” I said firmly, when she sniffed at the body. “Eating humans is a bad habit to get into.”
She snorted, as if in agreement, then wound her long neck around me possessively. “Silly girl,” I told her, rubbing behind her ear-holes affectionately. “Help me get him back on the horse.”
The dogs kept the horse in place while we hoisted the man over his saddle and tied him on. He had a dagger on his belt, and I used it to secure a message to his backside. “NOT A SORCERER. DRAGON NOT FOR SALE”
After that, nobody bothered us for a while.
When spring was turning into summer, three knights came together. One was the first one who’d come to me, but this time he was leading two more, who were dressed in finer garb and with a bit of gold leaf here and there on their armour. When I went out to shoo them off, Diver trotting behind me, they both took off their helmets and stared.
Diver was well worth looking at by then, with a barrel like the biggest cart-horse and a tail eight feet long. Her scales were pretty, glittery things, all the colours of ice, blues and greens and whites and silvers, and her round eyes were as blue as forget-me-nots. What really seemed to draw their attention, though, was my bitch-dog with a litter of puppies, all resting on Diver’s broad back, and the pair of chickens riding on her tail. They did that sometimes.
“I told you,” the youngest knight said, with a note of triumph in his voice. “It’s a perfectly tame dragon, AND it’s a working animal on a farm. There’d be more glory in fighting a bull in a field. Bulls are much fiercer.”
“Bulls won’t blow a blast of fire so hot that your melted brain and eyeballs will be dripping out of your skull before you hit the ground.” I leaned on the pitchfork I’d been using. “But she’s still my dragon, and this is my land, and I have rights.”
“Has she ever done that? Really?” One of the older men, now that his helm was off, looked more like a scholar than a knight, with a grizzled beard and a thoughtful sort of face.
“It’s how she hunts deer.” I shrugged, deliberately casual. “She did it to a knight once, when he attacked me with a sword, but if you don’t threaten her she won’t bother you.”
The dog got up and jumped down from Diver’s back, using the dragon’s angled back leg to turn one long jump into two short ones. The puppies stayed where they were, by now quite accustomed to being left on Diver’s back when their mother had other things to do. One started to gnaw on one of the upstanding plates that guarded her spine, which Diver didn’t appear to notice at all.
“Remarkable,” the scholarly looking man said thoughtfully. “I don’t suppose you’d tell me how you did it?”
That surprised me, and I shrugged. “It’s no secret, plenty of the village people know. One of my chickens stole the egg and hatched it, and then I fed her before turning her loose. But she wouldn’t go, even when I carried her up into the hills, so I just kept feeding her. She picked up the first few commands from the dogs, and now she understands more of them than they do.”
“King Roderick, the grandfather of the current king,” the scholarly man said thoughtfully, “tried three times to tame dragons. Two he trapped young, like hawks, but they could not be tamed, and savaged or burned those who trapped them. The third came from an egg he hatched, but it too could not be tamed.”
“How did he hatch it?” I asked.
“I believe the egg was kept in a brass bowl until it hatched, for safety.”
“Maybe he should have tried pushing it under a chicken’s arse,” I said, shrugging. “Diver came out tame enough. Maybe he didn’t keep it warm enough. They’re warm-blooded, you know, not lizards. Her head is as good as a hot brick in the bed, in winter.”
“They’re left out on crags to hatch alone,” the scholarly man protested.
I shrugged. “They can survive hatching alone. So can a chicken egg, if you leave it somewhere warm and it’s far enough along. But you don’t get a healthy chick, or a good-tempered one. Maybe the ones you find are the ones that the mother lost, or the mother was killed by one of you knights. Maybe they scatter some of their eggs because knights raid their lairs, and they want some of the babies to survive. All I know is, all it took was a broody chicken to turn out a nice-natured dragon at least as smart as a pig, and any farmer can tell you they’re smarter than just about any other animal.”
“I thought horses were the most intelligent animals.” It was the other newcomer, the one who hadn’t spoken before.
“Hah. Horses are nervous idiots most of the time. No, pigs and dogs. Especially pigs.” I spread my hands. “That’s why I don’t keep them. They’re more trouble than they’re worth. The goats are bad enough.” Diver had moved closer to the gate now, and she extended her head on its long neck to put her nose over the gate. I patted her head gently. “If you take off those gauntlets, you can pat her nose. Just don’t go for a weapon or she’ll bite your arm off.”
The young one and the horse-lover backed away nervously. The scholarly one pulled off his gauntlet and touched the soft white muzzle. Diver sniffed his hand with interest and he smiled. “I don’t suppose you know where that chicken got the egg?”
“Until it hatched I thought she’d stolen it from one of the geese.” I shrugged again. “I have no idea where she found it, or how to find another one. All I know is, a broody chicken will sit on anything egg-shaped.”
“Really, anything?”
I snorted. “You can put them on an egg shaped rock and they’ll keep it warm.”
About two years later, I heard that the king had a tame dragon, and one or two of his knights as well. My neighbours started talking to me again after that. Apparently if the king can do something, it isn’t dark sorcery. My workers asked if they could come back, but I had a different helper by then, and wouldn’t have taken them back even if I hadn’t. They’d known Diver since she was small enough to sleep in my boot, and they’d come for her with pitchforks.
My new helper was a boy, a skinny runaway Diver had found in the forest the previous winter, half-frozen and three-quarters starved. He adored her, and slept against her side at night. Talas, he said his name was, and I took his word for it. He worked hard, and was good with animals. He was a good boy.
That spring, Talas came running into the house early in the morning when he should have been feeding the chickens, his eyes huge. “Come and see! Come and see!” He grabbed my arm and dragged me out to the chicken run. Under a certain fat brown chicken, the daughter or granddaughter of the fat brown chicken who had hatched Diver, a little red and copper head was peering out, blinking in confusion. The chicken looked just as confused as her mother had, years ago, and Diver had poked her head through the door and was sniffing with interest.
Well, I wasn’t getting caught that way twice. “You take her out from under the chicken,” I told Talas. “Feed her, and put her up on the window-ledge in the sun. If she wants to, she’ll stay with you.”
She did.
Still, I wish I knew where the chickens were getting those eggs. Two dragons is enough for even a good farm to support. I don’t know what I’ll do with the next one.