---
cssclasses:
  - fanfiction
Next Chapter:
  - "[[02 - what's the point if you aren't healthy]]"
---
<p class="title">friends that annoy you usually care the most</p>
<p class="text" id="top">Yoongi didn't even flinch as the door to his private studio slammed open. Most of the time, people would be startled if a door slammed shut, but seeing as how he'd been working in close contact with Namjoon for the past few years, he'd gotten used to hearing the sound both ways. Without turning to even look at his best friend, Yoongi continued observing the pink thread of Ki-ha's voice on the monitor, frowning as it spiked too high above that of his other member's threads. What was it about the maknae's tendency to cover his hyung's accompaniment towards the end of every song?</p>
<p class="text">Namjoon pointedly cleared his throat.</p>
<p class="text">"What do you want now?" Yoongi asked absently, highlighting the affected segment and replaying it again.</p>
<p class="text">His best friend slammed a bag of chicken on the table. Yoongi was impressed that it hadn't erupted and sprayed sauce everywhere like it had the last time. "Eat. And don't blame me; those are Jin's orders," Namjoon huffed, crossing his arms. "When was the last time you actually digested something?"</p>
<p class="text">"When I was hungry," Yoongi hummed, jacking up the volume and scratching his head. Something didn't sound right. "Give the food to Hoseok; he's in studio 4 with your kids." Namjoon was in charge of the idol group signed to their company, PAROXCISM, and Yoongi was in charge of their predominantly hip-hop group, ILGI. Hoseok choreographed most of the routines for the artists signed to their label, and he was heavily involved in the shaping of their stage presence.</p>
<p class="text">As co-directors of Bulletproof ENT, both Yoongi and Namjoon played key roles in promoting, raising and managing their respective groups. Both of them had learnt that it required far more mettle to do their jobs than initially expected. More than a strictly business relationship, it was hard to keep a distance; to avoid being personally invested in the well-being and mental fortitude of these boys.</p>
<p class="text">They'd tried and they'd failed; now they were all but resigned to having essentially adopted these artists as their overgrown kids, even though they were young and relatively close in age. Jin had often joked that this was probably the closest thing to fatherhood any of them would ever experience without being fathers.</p>
<p class="text">Whenever he heard that, it always reminded Yoongi that they were a small company, but they were a family. He'd been so young when they'd retired to start B:ENT; only 24, Namjoon and Hoseok had been even younger. It was only through connections and their past contacts that they were able to scrape together investors and sponsors - they'd even received a generous amount of help from both their former boss and manager, Bang Shi Hyuk PD-nim and Sejin-hyung - but everything had still been so tough. He'd never realized just how terrified he would be, risking everything he had, every last cent and every last second of his youth, on a venture so profoundly meaningful to him.</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi had spent the first few years of his time at B:ENT fighting himself and his own insecurities, all the while trying to train these kids only a few years younger than himself. He, Namjoon, Hoseok and their artists had been through wars untold to the fans, to the public. They'd been looked down upon, told they were never going to make it and that the company would collapse in a couple of years. Every day had been a struggle from the minute they woke up to the minute they closed their eyes to sleep, if they even managed to catch any time to rest.</p>
<p class="text">But they were lucky with their auditions. Watching ILGI and PAROXCISM succeed the way they had validated everything; all their hard work and effort had paid off in the best way. Yoongi got addicted to that feeling--- Seeing his kids up on stage and Namjoon's group on TV, watching their artists beat out competition from companies twice their size and four times their age. It had been so, so worth it.</p>
<p class="text">"It's Jin; you think he didn't order enough to feed an army? Practically everyone in the building is already eating." Namjoon said dryly, lowering himself into the chair next to Yoongi's. "And for god's sake, eat the chicken. You can't continue doing this forever, hyung."</p>
<p class="text">"Doing what?" Yoongi asked distractedly, wondering if he needed to add more reverb to the hook. "My job?"</p>
<p class="text">"Being a recluse," his co-director shot back, annoyed. There was a rustle of paper that Yoongi ignored, and Namjoon stuffed a glazed piece of fried chicken into his own mouth. "It's getting ridiculous; when was the last time you stepped out of the building for anything other than going home, or ILGI's album promotions?" His eyes narrowed. "I don't think I've seen you since our title track promotions--- Oh god. Hyung," he broke off with a pained sigh, "please, please don't tell me you've been sleeping here."</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi paused and saved his file, unable to work anymore with all this fucking incessant nagging. "I have a sofa-bed," he hedged, semi-petulantly. "It's comfortable. There are pillows. I even bought a blanket."</p>
<p class="text">"You can't seriously think I'm supposed to be okay with you sleeping here just because you bought a fucking blanket, hyung," Namjoon groaned, burying his face in his hands, though he was careful not to let his oily fingertips touch his hair. "I can't believe you've been sleeping here, Jin is going to kill me." He lifted his head, frowning. "You don't even go for the networking events anymore; Zhoumi-hyung just mentioned you in an interview a couple of days ago, you know."</p>
<p class="text">"That's what you're here for," Yoongi shrugged easily, eyeing the bag of takeout on his desk and hoping Namjoon wouldn't leave any stains. He snagged the papers surrounding the bag just in case, stowing them to his left safely. "My job is to stay in here and make sure my guys don't blow up the building by accident." Seojun was a good and capable leader, but he was still a kid in many ways.</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi didn't trust any of the ILGI members to stay sane for long; they went haywire when gathered and he'd learnt that the hard way. "You can go for all the variety nonsense and the fancy dinners. If you want to drag someone with you, go hit Hoseok up. You know he's always down for anything with an open bar."</p>
<p class="text">Namjoon glared at him. "I'm just saying, you need to get out more. Even if it's just one person, you should try and meet new people. When's the last time you even had a lover?"</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi wrinkled his nose at Namjoon as Jin entered the room, holding a box filled with what looked like pasta. "Why are you asking me these things? You're so vulgar."</p>
<p class="text">"What's vulgar would have been if I said sex," Namjoon scoffed dismissively before his eyes turned curious. "Speaking of, when was the last time you had sex?"</p>
<p class="text">"Don't be so vulgar, Joonie," Jin commented easily, making his boyfriend frown at him. He closed the door behind him and smiled serenely at Yoongi. "Hey, Min PD. How is the new track coming?"</p>
<p class="text">"There are still a lot of things to fix, but ILGI are out for a shoot with PUMA," Yoongi huffed, turning back to his monitor and slumping in his chair. Because his group wasn't formally considered to be part of the idol category, they didn't often have to do variety shows or go for promotional stages like Music Bank. Yoongi usually filled their schedule with modeling contracts and CFs so that they were kept busy. "They've been booked for 2 days, so they won't be able to work on it till the day after tomorrow at the earliest."</p>
<p class="text">"Jin, do you think Yoongi needs to get out more?" Namjoon piped up, completely apropos of nothing.</p>
<p class="text">"I thought we'd moved past this," Yoongi said dryly, turning to Jin with narrowed eyes. "Did you bring this up with him or did this dumbass think about it all by himself?"</p>
<p class="text">"We're just worried about you," Seokjin sighed, setting his box of whatever down on Yoongi's desk beside the chicken. He reached for a piece and popped it into his mouth, making a pleased sound as he chewed. Jin really knew how to eat well. "You haven't had a relationship for years; even Hoseok is concerned."</p>
<p class="text">"Hoseok is concerned about everything; he worries about whether or not Slenderman is real," Yoongi pointed out fairly. After a brief moment of consideration, Jin and Namjoon were forced to nod in agreement. "And I'm sorry, but I don't have the luxury of having a partner right now. Not all of us can afford to have our ridiculously successful boyfriend as our PA, Namjoon."</p>
<p class="text">"Only when I'm off schedule," Jin added sweetly as a reminder. "I've been booked to participate in 2 Days 1 Night next week."</p>
<p class="text">"That's nice," Yoongi mumbled, not really caring. Jin booked a ton of variety shows; he had the sense for it. The actor was off to a different country almost every other week; it wasn't really something noteworthy anymore.</p>
<p class="text">"Jungkook's your PA; you could have dated him," Namjoon pointed out.</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi's mouth gaped and he made a face. "Ew? No? Jungkook is a child, what the fuck Joon." His PA doubled as a ghost artist signed to the company under a covert contract. JK's face was unknown to the public, which was terrible for sales and marketing, but Yoongi had been fucking sold on the fact that Jungkook wanted to be recognized solely for his musical capabilities. The kid was an amazing find during their auditions, and Yoongi was definitely glad to have him around despite all his backsass, but he couldn't see him as anything other than a good dongsaeng. "He still communicates with me using memes." Yoongi made a face. "Jeon Jungkook is, in fact, a living meme."</p>
<p class="text">"He's only 4 years your junior," Joon argued, lifting an eyebrow. "Totally within dating range, well past being legally recognized as an adult." He paused, brows knitted. "And the meme thing is funny... Sometimes."</p>
<p class="text">"This is ridiculous; I can't believe you're trying to pimp my own PA out to me," Yoongi flailed a hand, exasperated. "Jin-hyung, back me up here."</p>
<p class="text">"Jungkook is 100% a child, he's a foetus," Jin frowned at Namjoon, smacking him on the shoulder reproachfully. "He drank nothing but Coca Cola at our D&amp;D last year. He sent me a full verse of Cypher pt. 3 in emojis just last week, Joonie." If there was anyone who saw Jungkook as the last bastion of purity in the world that needed to be protected more than Yoongi, it was Jin.</p>
<p class="text">"That's talent right there! And the guy's 27 years old, Jesus--- Whatever, it was just an example," Namjoon rolled his eyes, swiping his hand at Jin's and making him stop. "The bottom line is that we've been watching you literally devolve as a member of the human race, hyung. Do you even remember how to talk to another person now? Anyone who isn't us or your kids?"</p>
<p class="text">"When I'm feeling adventurous, I stop by a Starbucks and order my own coffee," Yoongi deadpanned sarcastically, annoyed by all this whinging. "Sometimes, I even bother to look at the cashier's name tag." He palmed his face tiredly, frustrated. What had he done to deserve this? "Why are you two even so---"</p>
<p class="text">Jin crossed his arms, blatantly unimpressed. "To be fair, Yoongi, you've been married to the company since you, Joonie and Hoseokie started it. It's been, what, 7 years? And you haven't had a single relationship in that time." He looked at Yoongi dispassionately, shaking his head. "As far as I can tell, you haven't even been on a single date. Why wouldn't we be worried?"</p>
<p class="text">"Because I'm a grown ass man and you should be capable of minding your own business by now?"</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi grumbled, leaning over his table and burying his head in his arms. God, was he going to fall asleep listening to this lecture again? Fuck that. "Why do people assume I'm suffering just because I'm not attached? I'm completely fine the way I am."</p>
<p class="text">"Are you?" Namjoon ditched the funny mood and frowned, leaning back in his chair. "All things considered, the only thing I've seen you kiss in the past decade is food. Are you actively forcing yourself to stay away from relationships, or is it genuinely fine for you, not seeing someone?" He cocked his head. "All I'm saying is that you're pretty much the most hardworking person I know, hyung. If you say that you're fine on your own, that's great." Namjoon crossed his arms with a lifted eyebrow. "But if you want to be with someone, we're just saying you shouldn't let work stop you."</p>
<p class="text">Seokjin nodded with a laborious sigh. "We just want you to be happy," he added softly, reaching over and squeezing Yoongi's shoulder. "You're doing so much here; it's fine to ask your staff to do more so that you can rest, you know."</p>
<p class="text">Huffing against the sleeve of his jacket, Yoongi turned his head to look at his friends. He'd had a relationship before; it wasn't like he was a virgin either. Just like any other average guy, he had a dick, and it still worked. Sure, there were hot guys - you met hot guys on the regular in their line of work - but there hadn't been anyone that genuinely piqued his interest enough for him to look away from the company. What he did, producing and managing his kids... That was his life, and he'd dedicated himself to making sure ILGI was a success. Sure, they were doing well and sales were up, but ensuring they stayed at the top of their game was a full-time job, and it was one that he loved.</p>
<p class="text">He'd definitely started out avoiding the idea of entering a relationship, and not just because the only one he'd had before then ended badly. The first few years of building a company were crucial, and ILGI had been training with them since almost the very beginning, and they'd officially debuted in 3 years. PAROXCISM came only shortly after, in their fourth year; Yoongi hadn't even had the time to think about anything other than work. But now that things were slightly more smooth sailing and the artists signed to the label were a tad more mature... He supposed that rationally, nothing was stopping him if he wanted to date someone. It was just--- Yoongi wasn't very good with putting in effort. Going out and finding someone who didn't want to date him just for his money or fame seemed like a big hassle. "I'm not unhappy or anything," he tried, voice muffled by his sleeve. "I'm just... Busy."</p>
<p class="text">"The path of least resistance is often the least rewarding," Namjoon said serenely.</p>
<p class="text">"Shut the fuck up, Joon," Yoongi groused. "Save the philosophy lesson for your kids; they're the only ones who eat up your shit anymore."</p>
<p class="text">Namjoon put his hand over his heart, mock affronted.</p>
<p class="text">"Why don't you try one of those dating apps?" Seokjin suggested, picking his phone out of his pocket and unlocking it. "There are a few good ones that are really popular now."</p>
<p class="text">"What an excellent idea, let me put my face and name and reputation and the whole fucking company on the line while I'm at it, just because I'd like to score some dick," Yoongi scoffed, disbelieving as he finally caved and reached for some chicken. "No offence hyung, but are you out of your goddamn mind?"</p>
<p class="text">"There are some where you can set up a profile with no picture, you technophobe. What, do you think the only dating app that exists is Tinder?" Namjoon sighed, snagging Seokjin's phone. "You just fill your profile with stuff like what you like and dislike... Answer a few questions and compare your answers with other people." He glanced up at Yoongi as his search loaded. "You know, a compatibility-based type of thing. You could still sign up for a normal app and just not post a profile picture, right?"</p>
<p class="text">Jin took his phone back and scrolled downwards, reading some of the descriptions for various apps.</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi, who had already lost interest, wiped his fingers on some tissue and turned his back to on the pair to resume working. As Jin squinted at the screen, he opened his mouth for his boyfriend to pop a piece of chicken into his mouth. "What's this app?" He asked, showing Namjoon the screen.</p>
<p class="text">"Seeking Arrangement," Namjoon read out, frowning as he read the app summary. His eyes widened and he snorted into his fist, choking. "Jin, oh my god. This is an app for sugar daddies."</p>
<p class="text">"What?" Jin giggled, looking at the screen. "Are you serious?"</p>
<p class="text">Namjoon nodded and slumped in his chair. "People who pay for other people to be their girlfriend or boyfriend--- They're called sugar daddies. They do all sorts of normal stuff, sometimes. People pay for companionship too. I read an article of this guy who just wanted a friend; his sugar baby ended up living with him, and then traveling the world with him." He lifted an eyebrow. "Some people look down on it, but there are couple who get married through relationships that start out like this, you know."</p>
<p class="text">"How do you know they're not out to just steal all your money?" Jin asked, completely flabbergasted as he flipped through the photo gallery. "Wow, daebak. Some of these success stories are incredible--- Someone paid off their credit card loans within half a year. This girl became a Victoria's Secret model because of her sugar daddy's connection, and she was sponsored." He pouted, cocking his head at the screen and squinting. "Blonde hair... She's really pretty..."</p>
<p class="text">"You're prettier," Namjoon said instantly, earning him a quick smile from his boyfriend. Yoongi rolled his eyes; Namjoon never missed an opportunity to compliment Jin and while it was kind of adorable, it also made him want to puke a little in his mouth. "Besides, isn't there always that fear in a normal relationship anyway?" Namjoon shrugged. "If someone has money, they're always wary no matter what. These people usually have more money than they know what to do with; I guess that's why they find someone else to spend it on and take care of."</p>
<p class="text">Curiously, Yoongi's eyes never left his monitor as he asked, "so basically these people are like social escorts?" He jacked up the volume of Seojun's voice, wondering why the guy always sounded so tired at the start of his verse. Should they re-record it? Or could this be attributed to his charms? "They're being paid to date you and then sleep with you, right?"</p>
<p class="text">"Pay attention; I already said some people are just in it for the companionship," Namjoon sighed, smacking Yoongi on the shoulder before turning to pore over Jin's phone. They scrolled through the success stories together, each more lavishly described than the last. "Look; this one guy found his sugar baby through this app, and they stayed together ever since... The guy's 54, and they haven't had sex once in 18 years."</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi glanced over at Jin's phone, interest piqued. "Hmm," he said thoughtfully.</p>
<p class="divide">•·······•·······•·······•·······•</p>
<p class="text">"I have the shittiest life right now," Jimin bemoaned, his arm thrown over his eyes. The bartender eyed him sceptically, but slid a new pint into his waiting hand without comment. To be fair, he'd been here for hours; since 2 in the afternoon. It was nearing 9 and Jimin was buzzed off his ass, but he deserved it. He'd probably fight the bartender if he was cut off; he absolutely needed to get wasted tonight, or he was going to lose his mind.</p>
<p class="text">"Okay, I haven't said anything up till now, but you're seriously bringing down my vibe." Taehyung made what would have been a grand sweeping gesture with his arm, if he hadn't knocked his knuckles on the counter. "Explain," he hissed, wincing as he cradled his hand against his chest.</p>
<p class="text">"And bear in mind, you know. Starving kids in Africa. People who are paralyzed." He flapped a hand at Jimin, a dazed look in his eyes from his sixth whiskey dry. "Stuff like that."</p>
<p class="text">"Okay, if you put it like that..." Jimin poured, chewing on the insides of his cheeks. Eventually, he just sighed and pillowed his head on his arms, pouting. "... I got fired."</p>
<p class="text">Tae's eyes widened in surprise. "No shit? But you're been with your company for what, 6, 7 years now?"</p>
<p class="text">"8," Jimin moaned, thumping his head on the table top. The bartender shot him a grim look, and he sheepishly stopped, leaning back in his seat. "He replaced me with some hot, young secretary." His face darkened as he remembered her stalking past him in what must have been a pair of ridiculously painful heels, almost a full head and a half taller than him. Resentful and upset, Jimin had hoped she'd trip on the way to where his office used to be. "She wasn't Korean; she had red hair. I think she was from overseas." Fitting his lip over the rim of his glass, he huffed petulantly. "I can't believe my boss would do me dirty like this after everything I've done for the company."</p>
<p class="text">"You used to stay till hell o'clock in the morning," Taehyung bitched in agreement, assuming the role of a True Best Friend™ with ease. "He dumped so much stuff on you; remember that time we couldn't meet for 3 whole days in a row?" He shook his head sadly. "I had withdrawal symptoms, it was not a fun time for anyone."</p>
<p class="text">"Tragic," Jimin agreed, raising his pint and giggling as their glasses clinked. He sighed as he leaned back in his chair, his nose scrunching up. "I'm a great secretary; there's no way he fired me because I was incompetent."</p>
<p class="text">Taehyung knocked back the last of his drink, blinking rapidly as the alcohol settled. He slid the glass across the counter with a boxy grin, anticipating a top up. The bartender prepared another of the same concoction, setting the new glass down in front of Tae with a passionate roll of his eyes. "Did you ask him why he fired you, then? He had to give you a reason, right?" He cocked his head. "It's not like you violated any terms of your contract."</p>
<p class="text">"Of course I asked him; I haven't taken an undue off day in years. It's not like I fall sick often either, and I'm a great secretary, okay? I'm nice, and polite, and caring... I don't even use the coffee machine in the mornings till everyone's gotten theirs," Jimin scoffed angrily, resting his cheek on the curve of his palm. "I was the awesomest, most efficient---"</p>
<p class="text">"Dude, setting aside that you just used the word 'awesomest'," Taehyung cut him off, lifting an eyebrow. "The reason? What did your boss say?"</p>
<p class="text">This was what had hurt the most. Jimin knocked back half his pint in a single go, letting out a heavy sigh before he set his glass down on the table frustratedly. "He said, I shit you not, that I could be, 'doing better elsewhere,' and that 'the company didn't deserve,' me." Jimin was using actual air quotes. That was how pissed off he was. "What is this, am I in a relationship with my boss? My company? Why did he have to make it sound so much like a break up!?"</p>
<p class="text">"It's not you, it's me," Taehyung murmured sympathetically. "That's rough, Jiminie..."</p>
<p class="text">"I just can't believe he let me go for someone else just like that," Jimin groaned, palming his face tiredly. "I mean, sure, she was hot and everything, but can she take on the same workload I had?" He turned to Taehyung, brows furrowed. "Do you even know how exhausting it is to work for a CEO who's got his head so far up his ass he doesn't care about basic HR company policies? I have to personally interview every new employee, but that's not even in my job description!" He threw his arms up exasperatedly, almost slapping Tae in the jaw. "It's so awkward and I'm not even in the HR division!"</p>
<p class="text">Taehyung recoiled, holding his hands up. "Holy shit. Jiminie, if the bartender doesn't cut you off, maybe I should." He thought about what he'd just said for a moment before wrinkling his nose. "Ew, I sound like you."</p>
<p class="text">"Just let me be the irresponsible one, for once?" Jimin pleaded, grabbing one of Tae's hands and clasping it between his palms. "You don't have to deal with all this nonsense on the regular--- You're a big shot artist and I'm just a white collar slave to the system."</p>
<p class="text">"Nah, no big shot artist here," Taehyung shrugged. He sipped his drink, waggling his eyebrows suggestively. "I've just got a lot of paint in my house for some reason, and I happen to be really good with my hands."</p>
<p class="text">Jimin made a face. "Don't be gross." He stared at the depleting layer of foam atop his beer till it disappeared altogether, frowning. "This is all so sudden... I don't know what I'm going to do for expenses till next month. I just fixed the central heating in my apartment and it cost a bomb, I---" His eyes widened as he suddenly thought of his home. "Oh my god, Tae. Shit." He rummaged in his bag for his phone, almost tipping it over to empty the contents on the counter when he couldn't find it.</p>
<p class="text"><a id="p10"></a>"What is it?" Taehyung blinked, alarmed. "What are you looking for?"</p>
<p class="text">"My phone--- What day is it?" Jimin asked frantically, giving up and spinning on his butt to grab Tae by the shoulders. He almost fell out of his chair. "Tae, what date is it?!"</p>
<p class="text">"Oh my god, I don't fucking know, Jiminie! Maybe if you'd let me find my own goddamn phone---"</p>
<p class="text">"It's the 28th," the bartender offered without looking up. When silence met his words, he glanced over at Jimin. "The date. It's the 28th."</p>
<p class="text">"Oh fuck," Jimin moaned, wrenching his hair back in distress. His head was spinning. Hell, the room was spinning. "Jesus, I can't believe this is happening--- Tae, my rent's due in a couple of days, and I don't get my cheque till the 14th." He bit viciously into his lower lip, chewing nervously. When he'd been house hunting in the past, he'd selected a small shoebox apartment because it was near to the train station, but the rent had gotten steadily more exorbitant over the years for that very same reason.</p>
<p class="text">If he hadn't fixed the heating problem last month, he wouldn't be this tight on cash, but rent was a huge sum of money he just didn't have on hand right now. "My landlord isn't exactly the magnanimous type... What do I do?"</p>
<p class="text">"I've always told you to just borrow money from me," Taehyung sighed, rolling his eyes into the back of his head, practically. "It's not a big deal Jiminie; you can pay me back whenever."</p>
<p class="text">The thing was, Jimin hated owing people anything; especially money. Finances had always been a sensitive topic in his own home growing up, and his parents had fought constantly over that nonsense. It had gotten so bad that one night, his father brought home divorce papers when he was still in high school. He and JiHyun had only been kids, but they'd both been heavily affected in their own ways. As far as Jimin knew, his younger brother was also pretty averse to the idea of borrowing cash--- Neither of them had even taken a personal loan, to his knowledge. It was why Jimin didn't have much savings; he'd worked like a dog in his early 20's to pay off his student loans without help from a bank.</p>
<p class="text">"No," he said quietly, shaking his head and looking down. "I don't want to do that." He didn't even want to think about it, either.</p>
<p class="text">A long silence ensued before Taehyung leaned in and grabbed his best friend's knee. "Jiminie," he said quietly. "Back then when things were really tough for me in uni..." He cut himself off, shaking his head and narrowing his eyes. "Whatever. You know that I have your back right?"</p>
<p class="text">Ahh fuck, Jimin winced. This was one of Taehyung's moments, where he made Jimin feel like shit by being literally the best person in the entire universe. While he genuinely loved Tae, Jimin often wanted to run in the opposite direction whenever his best friend got into one of these moods. "I know," he said miserably, his finger tracing dark circles into the wooden counter with the condensation from the base of his pint. "It's just--- You know why, TaeTae. I don't--- I don't like borrowing money..."</p>
<p class="text">"Look, I get it," Taehyung interrupted, looking oddly sober for a moment there before his signature boxy grin stretched his lips. Jimin stared at the shine of his best friend's pearly teeth. "I know. That's why I'm not pushing you. But, if you need a place to crash..."</p>
<p class="text">"I'll know where to go," Jimin nodded firmly, knowing it was true. He and Tae had been thick as thieves for years; there was nothing they wouldn't do for each other--- Sometimes to the point where Jimin had been alarmed for a couple of his ex's who'd hurt him in some way or another. Tae was the only one who knew Jimin as well as he did, and Jimin remained to be the only person who parsed Taehyung's idiosyncrasies with ease. "I'll just... See if I can get an extension on my rent, or something." Maybe if he pleaded... "Either way, I've been staying there for almost 10 years, so he should be a little more lenient with me, right? I've always been a good tenant as well--- What the hell are you doing while I'm talking?" Jimin squinted, peering over Taehyung's shoulder.</p>
<p class="text">"I drew a picture of you," Taehyung beamed, holding up a napkin. On it was a messily scrawled doodle of Jimin with his head enlarged like a caricature. The edges of the napkin were blotted with blue ink when Taehyung had tested the pen he'd apparently found in his pocket.</p>
<p class="text">Smacking his shoulder and almost missing, Jimin rolled his eyes and tried to hide the fact that he'd almost fallen out of his chair. "Can you pay attention when other people are speaking?" He glanced at the napkin. "... That's not bad though. I like that you colored in my hair."</p>
<p class="text">"You dyed it black," Taehyung shrugged, before he balled up the napkin and stretched his arms up high. "Anyway, let's not get so worried. We're drinking now!" He grinned at Jimin, poking his own cheeks with his index fingers and appearing entirely too cute for anyone's good. "I'm gonna get us shots, and then we can go and party. You wanna go somewhere fun? Karaoke?" His eyes were sparkling as he leaned in so close that their noses brushed. "Clubbing?"</p>
<p class="text">"Can you---" Jimin high-five'ed Taehyung's face, pushing him back. "I don't wanna go anywhere; let's just stay here." He paused to consider his friend's suggestions. "I could go for shots though."</p>
<p class="text">Tequila always fucked him up the most. He usually refrained from it - hell, he usually refrained from drinking as a whole - but today had been particularly shit and Jimin was determined to get drunk.</p>
<p class="text">"Let's do tequila."</p>
<p class="text">Taehyung lifted an eyebrow. "But you hate tequila."</p>
<p class="text">"Yeah, but tequila loves me," Jimin pointed out, reaching into his bag and drawing out his wallet with, admittedly, some difficulty. He waved the bartender over and handed him a handful of bills. "Can we have 3 rounds of tequila shots?"</p>
<p class="text">"You guys drove here?" The bartender asked prudently, cocking his head with narrowed eyes. "I can't continue serving you if there's a chance you'll drive under the influence." He pointed at a sign behind him that advised safe drinking habits. "It's getting late; you won't be able to sleep it off here."</p>
<p class="text">Taehyung slung an arm around Jimin. "We're taking a cab home later," he sang.</p>
<p class="text">Grunting, the bartender left them alone, presumably to prepare a tray of shots for them.</p>
<p class="text">"You don't come out clubbing anymore," Tae whined, nuzzling his head against Jimin's cheek and pouting. "It's lonely now and I don't go unless Minho-hyung and Taemin-hyung drag me..." He seemed distressed for only a second before he brightened up, grabbing Jimin by the arm and shaking him. "Jiminie! I just remembered I have something to show you, it's super funny." He reached for his phone, attempting to unlock it and failing twice before he finally got the PIN right. "The other day, Minho-hyung showed me this app."</p>
<p class="text">Watching the bartender return with their shots, Jimin hummed distractedly. "Mmhmm. What's interesting about it?" He nodded in a daze to the bartender, aware that he was probably just another of over 40 customers the bartender thought was already wasted. Well, Jimin would get there eventually. He considered it a personal short-term goal, and he was a highly goal-oriented person. "Is this another game app, TaeTae, because you know I keep telling you not to buy all that in-game currency, it's such a waste of money--- Here," he huffed, sliding a shot over to Taehyung and lifting one of his own. "To shitty bosses and slutty secretaries."</p>
<p class="text">"To a whole new world, filled with endless kinky possibilities," Taehyung responded serenely, downing the shot as Jimin almost spat his out.</p>
<p class="text">Sputtering, Jimin turned wide eyes on Taehyung. "W-What?" He blurted, licking his lips and wincing at the harsh bite of tequila as it burned its way down his throat. He hurriedly licked the rim of his glass, the salt on his tongue blotting away his impending retch. "What the fuck?"</p>
<p class="text">"That's the app," Taehyung said, turning in his seat and showing Jimin the screen. "It's in English, but Minho-hyung showed me how to use it. You can read English, right?" Tae logged into his account and brandished his phone at Jimin. "Apparently hyung paid off all his student loans in 6 months, just by going out on a few dates."</p>
<p class="text">"What the fuck?" Jimin repeated disbelievingly, eyes wide as he took the phone from Tae. "What is this?"</p>
<p class="text">Taehyung smirked, leaning in. "It's for sugar daddies," he murmured, cautious of the people passing by and those who were milling around near them. "They go on it and... You know. It's like a dating app, but for seriously rich guys and hot young girls."</p>
<p class="text">"I don't know if you've noticed, TaeTae, but I'm 29, and I also have genitalia that very clearly indicate I'm not a woman," Jimin deadpanned, pointing at his crotch. He was actually stunned he was still capable of saying the word genitalia. Reaching for his second shot, he threw it back as Taehyung sighed exasperatedly.</p>
<p class="text">"It's for both guys and girls; I literally just said Minho-hyung used it. There are sugar mommies and male sugar babies... Some of them are looking for gay partners, Jiminie."</p>
<p class="text">Choking for a second on that second burning shot, Jimin squeezed his eyes shut and willed the room to stay still. He only opened his eyes again once he felt the pounding in his head recede, but everything was still overly saturated. Maybe he was getting drunk faster because he rarely drank these days. "Are you telling me to fuck my way into a new living arrangement?" He clarified, glancing at Tae. Or. Well, in Tae's general direction, anyway. "I never knew Minho-hyung was so... Adventurous?"</p>
<p class="text">"He didn't screw any of them; that's the amazing part. Just look at some of these," Taehyung laughed, selecting one of the tabs clearly labelled SUCCESS STORIES. He scrolled down a list of summarized articles - with pictures - and stopped abruptly on one with a young man posing on a yacht. "Hyung showed me this one. Apparently this guy's sugar daddy pays for everything; he flies everywhere on credit and all his hotels and stuff are paid for." He clicked into the article excitedly, beaming at the pictures as they loaded. "See? He's in Maldives, and here he's in Rome. How crazy is that?" His eyes turned dreamy. "I've always wanted to visit Rome..."</p>
<p class="text">Sceptical but overtly curious, Jimin carefully rested his arms on the edge of the counter, so that even if he accidentally dropped his friend's phone, it wouldn't have far to fall--- He was just considerate like that. As he read the article through blurry eyes, it became increasingly clear that this was an actual thing. "Oh my god," he breathed, because this was insane. "What the hell, he even paid for her plastic surgery? Tae, look at those blowjob lips, holy shit."</p>
<p class="text">"Someone funded a luxury taxi service through this app," Taehyung pointed out, returning to the other success stories and finding the article for Jimin. "She met up with like, 50 rich dudes, and someone ended up investing 2 million dollars in her business. She's rolling in dough now."</p>
<p class="text">Jimin gaped disbelievingly. "Seriously?" He stared at the woman on the screen, frowning at her auburn locks that fell over an impressive pair of breasts that had to cost something. After a while, he realized why he felt so disturbed by her features. "... You know, she kind of reminds me of the secretary my boss hired to replace me," he scowled, narrowing his eyes. "She has the same hair color."</p>
<p class="text">Taehyung peered over at the picture, wrinkling his nose with distaste. "Ew; Jiminie, you're way cuter than she is."</p>
<p class="text">That was the thing about Tae; he always knew what to say. "I know right?" Jimin agreed, pouting and scrolling through the gallery. There were pictures of the same woman on a rooftop bar, at a black tie event and at a ribbon cutting ceremony. "I mean, let's face it; if my boss were gay, he wouldn't have fired me--- Possibly forever." He scowled, grabbing his third shot and knocking it back without hesitation. Coughing, he blinked tears out of his eyes at the bite and quickly stuck the accompanying slice of lemon between his teeth to avoid throwing up. "I mean," he slurred, sweeping a hand from his clavicle down to his shins. "Look at me, Tae. I am fucking--- I am so hot."</p>
<p class="text">"Absolutely," Taehyung nodded, his eyes wide. "If we weren't best friends, I'd be trying to take you home."</p>
<p class="text">"I am sexy, and funny, and competent," Jimin complained, setting Tae's phone down on the counter and lifting a finger with each adjective. "I'm independent, and sexy--- Oh," he paused, squinting as he tried to remember the words that just spill from his lips. "I already said sexy, didn't I?" God, he was high.</p>
<p class="text">"It bears repetition," his best friend shrugged, sliding over his remaining two shots. "I mean, Jiminie. You're prime gay wanking material."</p>
<p class="text">"That is--- So true. I am great wanking material. Awesome, even," Jimin murmured, spitting out the lemon slice. If Tae didn't want them, more for him. "I am the Sasha Gray of gay men, okay? I am a wet dream."</p>
<p class="text">Taehyung picked his phone off the table and scrolled through a few more articles. "You're nice to people and you cook and clean; you could totally beat out at least half of these sugar babies," he snorted, narrowing the location down to Korea and lifting an eyebrow. "Okay, make that at least 3 quarters; there are so few in Seoul..." He lifted his head, eyes shining. "But you should make a profile and check out some of the guys on this thing; what if it seriously worked out? All your problems, gone; just like that."</p>
<p class="text">"Mmmfghn," Jimin snorted, rolling his eyes. "Tae, I'm not going to be a prostitute."</p>
<p class="text">"Oh my god, they're called sugar babies!" Taehyung corrected with a scowl, smacking Jimin on the shoulder and ignoring the resulting squeak. "You've read the stories--- What harm could it do, giving it a shot?"</p>
<p class="text">Well, to be fair, Jimin had a moment of, 'wow, I could totally do this,' earlier. He laughed, throwing an arm around Tae and fishing around in his bag with his other hand. "You know what? Screw it," he huffed, finally closing his fingers around his phone. "If all I need to do to live life like a king is call some guy daddy, sign me the fuck up." He'd worked so hard for the past 9 years, and what for?</p>
<p class="text">He just got stabbed in the back by the man whose company Jimin had strived to make great. It had all been such a huge disappointment, and now he was on the verge of possibly being evicted.</p>
<p class="text">"Nothing to lose, anyway," he muttered, throwing back his fourth shot. And he'd be earning the money... Sort of.</p>
<p class="text">Taehyung plucked a lemon slice off the saucer and grinned toothily. "That's the spirit, Jiminie."</p>