---
cssclasses:
  - fanfiction
Previous Chapter:
  - "[[01 - friends that annoy you usually care the most]]"
Next Chapter: "[[03 - are you a girl or a boy]]"
---
<p class="title">what's the point if you aren't healthy?</p>
<div class="chat">
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">8,000,000 won a month is a lot of money; are you sure you're worth the cashout?</div>
</div>
<p class="divide">•·······•·······•·······•·······•</p>
<p class="text">Jimin woke Taehyung by throwing his phone at his stomach. "KIM TAEHYUNG!" He screamed, horrified even as he was half asleep. "What the hell did you do last night?!"</p>
<p class="text">"Oh my goood," Taehyung groaned and crumpled in on himself, snagging Jimin's blanket and wrapping himself in the protective shroud. "You have to be more specific," he whined, voice muffled as he almost rolled off the bed. His hair was sticking out, messy and unkempt. "I do bad, bad things when I'm drunk. I think I'm still drunk..."</p>
<p class="text">"You made a profile for me on Seeking Arrangement!" Jimin screamed, wanting to throw his best friend out of the window. "I have over 300 messages! It's driving me nuts!" He'd woken up to a barrage of chat invites, each opening text more scandalous than the last. Some had images attached, and Jimin was not fond enough of men that he wouldn't mind having 50 pictures of dicks sitting comfortably in his phone. "Some of them are from senior citizens; what the hell did you write on my profile?"</p>
<p class="text">Dazed, Tae sat up as he blinked slowly, smacking his lips and grimacing at the residual taste of tequila. "Wha?"</p>
<p class="text">Jimin unlocked his phone and scowled, showing Taehyung the screen. "Look at this! They're sending me dick pics!" Disgusted, he tossed it on the sheets and crossed his arms. "I can't believe the nerve of some people---"</p>
<p class="text">Almost immediately, Taehyung perked up and made a grab for Jimin's phone. "Are any of them good?"</p>
<p class="text">"TAEHYUNG! Not the point!"</p>
<p class="text">"Whaaat?" Taehyung grumbled, scrolling through Jimin's inbox in the app and lifting an eyebrow.</p>
<p class="text">"Sure, some of them might be kind of gross but it's like previewing the merchandise--- Woah. Some of these offers are from people overseas, Jiminie. You could travel the world!" Shrewdly, he selected one of the profile pictures; it took them into the description of a 44-year old business man in Italy.</p>
<p class="text">Impressed, Tae whistled and flicked through the four pictures the man had uploaded, each depicting him against the skyline of a different city. "Look, he's from Sicily, that's insane. Is this the power of yellow fever?"</p>
<p class="text">Snatching his phone back, Jimin made a dying noise and returned to his own profile. "You wrote that I'm, 'seeking accommodation, will cook and clean, A+ at dancing and sings in the shower,'" he read through grit teeth, infuriated. "Abs for days and ass for months--- And I never skip leg day?</p>
<p class="text">Why are you lying about me on a public platform?!"</p>
<p class="text">Tae gasped, completely scandalized as he covered his mouth delicately with his hand. "Jiminie," he said slowly, "you skip leg day?"</p>
<p class="text">"For fuck's sake--- Not the point, Taehyung! How did you even do this last night? I thought you were as drunk as I was and..." Jimin palmed his face, peeking through the cracks between his fingers as he scrolled down his own profile page. "Oh my god, you even answered all the compatibility questions?!"</p>
<p class="text">"And I wrote about stuff that you liked and didn't, like... Movies, and stuff," Taehyung murmured, rubbing his eyes and slouching. "I got them right though, didn't I?"</p>
<p class="text">Annoyingly enough, he had. Jimin scrolled through the section, wondering just how Tae had put this together while he'd been wasted off his face; it was definitely true that he liked Inception, and that he listened to ILGI and went to two of their concerts--- Tae didn't have to include that he'd cried at both of them, though. Immersed, he read everything till he reached the bottom of his own page, sputtering and gaping. "You wrote all of this and then put my worth at 8,000,000 won?! Tae, that's four times my salary!" Flailing a hand disbelievingly, Jimin smacked Tae on the arm. Repeatedly. "How am I even getting offers right now?! How did I get offers all night!?"</p>
<p class="text">"Ow, ow! You're hot," Taehyung whinged, rubbing his bicep despairingly. "Why are you even surprised?" He cradled his head in his hands, slumping till his head was in Jimin's lap. "You don't wanna borrow money from me; at least this way someone else can take care of you for a while, right?" Tae pouted, scratching his head. It was so fucking irritating that he was being so cute and endearing, even when he may have just thrown Jimin's online reputation down the toilet. "And I chose nice pictures, too."</p>
<p class="text">Stunned that he hadn't even thought to see which images Tae had picked for him, Jimin tapped his own gallery and was, once again, rendered speechless. Somehow, Taehyung was capable of taking pictures that naturally emphasized the curve of Jimin's ass, or accentuated the bulk of his biceps.</p>
<p class="text">There was one where Jimin was at the gym, tugging his shirt up in the locker room to wipe the sweat from his chin as he laughed at something Taemin had said--- His abs were fucking glistening with sweat from their workout. Jimin hadn't even known this picture existed, but from a personal standpoint, even he thought he looked a bit like a porn star.</p>
<p class="text">"Good right?" Tae beamed in tacit approval, cocking his head. "And since they sent pictures, you can even pick which dick you want!" He peered over Jimin's shoulder and checked out several of the pictures, frowning at one. "Rude; this jerk thinks you're not worth the money. I bet he has erectile dysfunction; what a jerk."</p>
<p class="text">Jimin spent a full, solid minute staring at Taehyung before he pointed to the door, unblinking. "Get out of my house."</p>
<p class="text">"But why!? Oh my god, don't push--- JIMINIE I AM GOING TO FALL OFF THIS BED--- OW OW OW, oh my GOD, you complete meanie, all I wanted was to take care of you!"</p>
<p class="text">"YOU COULD HAVE DONE THAT WITHOUT ADVERTISING ME LIKE A PIECE OF MEAT," Jimin roared, shoving all of Taehyung's things into a bag and zipping it up as his best friend writhed on the floor. "I can't believe this; what if someone from my office sees it?! What if my parents do?!" His jaw dropped in horror, along with Taehyung's bag from his hands. "Oh my god. Oh my god, Tae, I swear, if my parents have seen this---"</p>
<p class="text">"Why would your parents be on a sugar daddy app?!" Taehyung whined, rubbing his head with teary eyes. He pouted on the ground, upset and hurt. "Jiminie, are you seriously mad? Don't be mad--- OW OW, OKAY, I'M SORRY---"</p>
<p class="text">Jimin tugged on Taehyung's ear, dragging him till they were at the door. He flung it open, shoving his best friend outside, and seething as he narrowed his eyes. "Best friendship suspended!" He huffed, not really meaning it but very much wanting to seem like he did, so that Taehyung could fucking REFLECT and realize there were goddamn consequences for the weird shit he did while he was drunk, god damn it. "Best friendship currently under review, please wait 10 working days for a court approval for renewed contract!"</p>
<p class="text">Taehyung gasped, mock affronted as Jimin shut the door in his face.</p>
<p class="text">He waited till the whining outside had stopped and Taehyung was gone before he slumped back against his door. Jimin frowned at the message Tae had mentioned--- The one about the guy who might, possibly, have erectile dysfunction. His anger clouded his mind and it made him punch in a response vindictively.</p>
<div class="chat">
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">I'm worth every jeon and more</div>
	<div class="msg sent">you can go fuck yourself, MYG.</div>
</div>
<p class="divide">•·······•·······•·······•·······•</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi had installed the Seeking Arrangement app the previous night, creating a profile as he'd soaked in his tub after a long day of work. Being on a sugar baby and daddy app was a strange experience; the platform allowed for a ton of trolls, and most of the people Yoongi had glimpsed on the thing from Seoul were either way too old, or way too young. Some of them were still high schoolers, for god's sake, and he'd wondered if they were intending to do this long term. He hoped not, for the sake of young future lawyers and doctors everywhere.</p>
<p class="text">A little more research on the term had proved it to be controversial career of sorts; being a sugar baby obviously had some pretty negative connotations in society. Though Yoongi personally saw no real problem with it if the relationship was safe and consensual, it was also clear that there were no rules or governing force in place to ensure this was the case. He supposed it would be easy for young men and women to be swindled into some sort of arrangement and forced into doing things they wouldn't want, and the thought both worried and repulsed him.</p>
<p class="text">Now that he was on the app too, would he be viewed in the same light?</p>
<p class="text">Overall, it had been fascination that had compelled him to install the app; a morbid sort of curiosity.</p>
<p class="text">He'd wondered if everything Namjoon and Seokjin had said was true, or whether they'd been fucking with him, because having someone around who would cook and clean and take care of you for money sounded like a dream, to be honest. It would be something like having a very attractive domestic helper, right? That spent your money on the regular, sure, but it seemed like a really small price to pay for what was essentially a live-in boyfriend, or a girlfriend.</p>
<p class="text">He'd answered a few of the more harmless compatibility questions--- Mostly the ones about music.</p>
<p class="text">Some people had started conversations with him, but he hadn't replied out of disinterest. Without a profile picture, he'd gotten very limited responses, and he was fine with that. Yoongi had only messaged one person himself, after all; an overly attractive man with a badly worded profile, filled with spelling errors and a slew of ᄏᄏᄏ's. Sure, MINIMIN was attractive and he had a serious penchant where sticking his tongue out of his mouth was concerned, but who the hell was worth 8 million won a month? Yoongi could afford that, sure, but then again Yoongi could afford a lot of things. He just didn't spend his money frivolously on things that weren't up to standard.</p>
<p class="text">Apparently, MINIMIN thought he was up to standard.</p>
<div class="chat">
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MYG">No need to curse, it was just a question.</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MYG">You seriously think you'd be worth 8,000,000 won?</div>
</div>
<p class="text">Yoongi set his phone aside, returning to his packing before Jungkook came to fetch him for his 11 o'clock. He had an interview with Grazia, and then he had a production meeting with Joon once he returned. Following that, they had to visit PAROXCISM in the studios to check out how their routine was coming along for their title track. ILGI would be arriving back in Seoul tomorrow, and Yoongi had some urgent re-recordings to make for one of their tracks. It didn't seem like they'd have the time to review and produce Jungkook's cover today. Yoongi felt bad, but they'd really have to pencil it in at a later date.</p>
<p class="text">The reply didn't take long to come; Yoongi lifted an eyebrow as his phone buzzed shortly after he'd sent a reply.</p>
<div class="chat">
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MINIMIN">that's what I said. And this was a stupid prank anyway; my friend set me up</div>
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MINIMIN">We were just having drinks, and he made me an account while I wasn't looking</div>
</div>
<p class="text">Snorting, Yoongi quickly tapped out a response, spinning in his chair. Maybe this guy was sharing his pain; they shouldn't get on each other's bad side.</p>
<div class="chat">
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">My friends bugged me to check out some dating apps, but I didn't want to.</div>
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">This one got me curious though, so I downloaded it and made an account.</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">MINIMIN is typing....</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">for real? but all your questions are filled out</div>
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">Just the ones about music.</div>
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">I like music a lot.</div>
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">Anyway, so are yours. Your friend got you there?</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">I can't believe he managed all this shit while he was wasted but yeah</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">he answered everything</div>
<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">correctly too, which is insane</div>
</div>
<p class="text">Yoongi leaned back in his seat and cocked his head at his phone.</p>
<div class="chat">
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">If it's any consolation, he doesn't seem to know how to spell all that well.</div>
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">But I get you. It sucks, your friends trying to set you up and stuff.</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">well thats not exactly what happened but</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">awwwwww no your friends are worried</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">that's really cute</div>
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">It's annoying as hell.</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">they want you to be happy!</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">But why a sugar daddy website tho...</div>
</div>
<p class="text">Neither Namjoon nor Seokjin actually knew that Yoongi had downloaded the app, and he wasn't intending to tell them. It was surprisingly turning out to be a pretty decent conversation starter, so Yoongi figured there was nothing wrong with seeing where this went. It helped that MINIMIN seemed like a nice guy now that they'd gotten past their brusque greetings; Yoongi was also slightly relieved that there didn't seem to be any pressure on him to negotiate some kind of contract to be this guy's... Daddy, or whatever. The idea was still a little foreign to him, and it hadn't quite sunk in yet.</p>
<div class="chat">
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">I was just curious.</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">So you're not looking for a sugar baby?</div>
</div>
<p class="text">Feeling mischievous, Yoongi grinned.</p>
<div class="chat">
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">Are you offering?</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">MINIMIN is typing...</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">apparently I am, for 8,000,000 won a month</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">you buying?</div>
</div>
<p class="text">Yoongi laughed, trading messages and leaving his things unpacked. The next hour flew by in a flash as they talked about shallow, superficial things; about some of the answers on their profile and their interests. It had been a long time since Yoongi had talked so freely with someone; he was always busy, and Namjoon and Jin were right in saying that he hadn't met up with anyone in a long time.</p>
<p class="text">After a few years in the entertainment industry, relationships tended to take on an ugly tint of business, and that made maintaining them tedious. Forging relationships with people outside of work was hard, and Yoongi supposed it figured that the only person he'd felt comfortable talking to in ages was a stranger.</p>
<p class="text">Eventually though, the inevitable question popped up.</p>
<div class="chat">
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">why dont you have a profile picture?</div>
</div>
<p class="text">The producer thought about this for a long time.</p>
<div class="chat">
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">Confidentiality is important for my job.</div>
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">I have a lot to lose, and not just for myself.</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MYG">Maybe I'm overthinking a lot of things, but I need to protect the interests of those around me.</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">Ahhh okay</div>
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">My bad.</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">that's fine! It's good actually, that you care so much</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">I just thought it was a little odd for someone not to have a picture on an app like this, I guess</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">I'm sorry if it was a little invasive</div>
</div>
<p class="text">This guy wasn't a sugar baby, and Yoongi wasn't looking for one per se, but maybe they could become friends. They'd never meet, probably - Yoongi wouldn't want to put B:ENT in jeopardy like that, or risk the reputation of his artists - but he was steadily warming up to MINIMIN. Maybe they could trade numbers in a couple of weeks, if they were still talking then. It'd definitely be weird for someone to look over his shoulder and see him talking to a guy on a dating app, after all.</p>
<div class="chat">
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">I'm a little paranoid but since I'm only talking to you, I guess it's fine.</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">?? You're only talking to me?</div>
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">You were the only one that interested me.</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">MINIMIN is typing...</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">wow</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">okay</div>
</div>
<p class="text">Jungkook knocked on his door, slowly opening it and stepping in. "MIN PD-nim," he greeted, polite and formal as long as they were at the office. The guy took his job pretty seriously, even though it had initially been nothing more than a cover up for his career as a shadow artist under the label. "I've come to get you for your 11 o'clock." He frowned as he noted the spread of Yoongi's things across his table, still messy and unkempt. "You haven't decided what to bring for the meeting?"</p>
<p class="text">"Hmm? No," Yoongi locked his phone; he'd pick up the conversation with MINIMIN later on in the car. "I was just a bit distracted. Also, it's not a meeting--- Just an interview." Quickly, he shoved his midi, a notebook and a pen into his satchel before he stood up, shouldering it and huffing. "No problem; let's go now so we won't be late."</p>
<p class="text">"Cue cards?" Jungkook reminded helpfully, but Yoongi shook his head.</p>
<p class="text">"None this time; I didn't make them, so I'll have to do without." Yoongi remembered some of the questions Grazia had sent over ahead of time, but he hadn't completely memorized what he wanted to say later. He hoped he wouldn't leave anything out.</p>
<p class="text">Jungkook glanced at his boss as he stepped past him out into the hallway. Yoongi hadn't been unprepared for anything in a long time; whether it was a meeting, or an interview or a shoot.</p>
<p class="text">Cocking his head inquisitively, Jungkook refrained from comment and simply nodded instead, following after the co-director once he'd made sure the door to the studio was locked. "Yes, Min PD-nim."</p>
<div class="chat">
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">Out of my appointment but I'm already on my way to another one.</div>
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">God I'd give anything for a nap.</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">You've worked hard~~~</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">that sucks though</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">you cant catch a break?</div>
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">No way.</div>
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">In my industry, I could have a mitt the size of fucking Africa and never catch a break.</div>
</div>
<p class="divide">•·······•·······•·······•·······•</p>
<p class="text">Jimin smiled at his phone. This exchange he was having with MYG was turning out to be surprisingly fun; the guy was also turning out to be the most decent person he'd met on the app so far. No dick pics, no demands, nothing; he hadn't even been hit on inappropriately once. They'd traded a few comments about this whole sugar baby and daddy thing, but nothing serious. MYG had mentioned not having any kind of prejudice against a relationship like that, and Jimin had responded in the same way. Technically, he figured being a sugar baby was sort of like a full-time, 24/7 job---</p>
<p class="text">Except your career would literally revolve around keeping someone happy.</p>
<p class="text">It didn't seem to take a lot to make MYG happy though; he'd been ecstatic just hearing they listened to several of the same bands--- Especially ILGI and PAROXCISM. He came off as a stoic guy, but seemed fairly gentlemanly once he'd opened up a little. They'd only been chatting for a bit, but Jimin felt like they had rapport. Absently, he wondered if it was because they'd met in such an odd way...</p>
<p class="text">More than anything, it was probably sort of like having a guy come up to you in a bar and striking up a conversation.</p>
<p class="text">Still. They'd learned a little bit about each other and everything, but Jimin wasn't about to jump the gun here. 'He could still be a complete jerk,' he reminded himself frantically even as he giggled over a lame pun. 'Who knows? He could be a serial killer or something.'</p>
<div class="chat">
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">What're you up to?</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">well, this sugar baby just lost his job, so he's about to beg off an extension with his landlord</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">rent problems</div>
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">Oh fuck.</div>
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">Min, I'm so sorry to hear that.</div>
</div>
<p class="text">Jimin flushed a little at the affectionate sounding nickname. He wondered if Taehyung had created that handle for him on purpose. Either way, he'd already gotten over the pity party along with the morning's hangover; it was nice that MYG seemed genuinely concerned though. Maybe he'd need some of that support to go through with his request to his landlord.</p>
<div class="chat">
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">that's okay, it wasn't your fault or anything</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">I'll talk to you later, okay?</div>
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">Sure. Good luck.</div>
	<div class="msg sent" data-time="MINIMIN">you too, for your meeting!</div>
</div>
<p class="text">He was halfway through the evening before he even got a chance to talk to his landlord, who was a grumpy shut-in. The guy was in his mid-thirties, and the only time he ever really ventured out of his house was when he needed to collect rent. Rarely, he would be seen going out to retrieve his mail from the box downstairs--- Jimin supposed this was one of those times.</p>
<p class="text">Quickly darting towards the stairwell so that he didn't miss his opportunity, Jimin tightened his grip on the trash bag in his hand, trying to pull his most winning expression--- He was about to ask for an extension, after all. "Ju-in-nim!" He greeted, waving.</p>
<p class="text">The man turned on his heel and glanced at Jimin, grunting. He waited as Jimin crossed the corridor, coming to stand in front of him. "Park Jimin-ssi," he said quietly. "How can I help you?"</p>
<p class="text">"Um. I need to speak with you about something," Jimin winced, resisting the urge to bite his lip. It was really awful, talking to someone he didn't see very often and asking for a favor right off the bat.</p>
<p class="text">He'd never been late on his rent before, but then again, his landlord was still known to be a pretty acerbic man. Jimin wasn't sure he'd get the extra time he needed - in fact, he was quite sure his request wouldn't be entertained - but it was worth a shot. "So, I know that you collect rent on the 1st of every month, but I, ah... I'm afraid I just lost my job, and I..." He trailed off, finally giving into his bad habit and chewing his lip nervously.</p>
<p class="text">The landlord regarded Jimin with a distant stare. "I'm very sorry to hear that," he managed to say eventually, though he sounded completely unaffected. After a few moments passed, he shifted on his feet and glanced down the flight of stairs. "But if this is about an extension, I'm afraid I can't help you," he added, looking slightly put out.</p>
<p class="text">"But I've never--- This will be the one and only time," Jimin pleaded, desperate. If he couldn't stay here, he'd have to go back to Busan and live with his mother. Though he loved her, their personalities clashed and it would be hell, staying in the same house after years of living apart. "I'm already finding another job, I promise! And I just need till the 14th, my cheque will be coming in then and I'll be able to pay you---"</p>
<p class="text">"The 14th?" The landlord repeated, incredulous as he looked at Jimin in the eye. "Park Jimin-ssi, are you telling me you don't presently have the funds to afford the rent either way?" His brows knitted.</p>
<p class="text">"If that's the case, you asking me for an extension is merely a formality, isn't it?" He shook his head, brows knitting as he assessed the situation with little concern for Jimin. "The 14th is a full 2 weeks away; I can't grant you that extension. It wouldn't be fair to the other residents."</p>
<p class="text">Jimin's exhaled sharply as his shoulders slumped. "Are... Are you evicting me?" He asked in a small voice, unable to believe this. He'd just lost his job, and now he was going to lose his home too? "Right now?"</p>
<p class="text">"I'm sorry, but if you can't pay by the first, I'm afraid I'm within my rights as the contract holder," his landlord said blankly, averting his eyes. "I have to protect my own interests as well, Park Jimin-ssi. I hope you understand." Setting a hand on Jimin's shoulder, the man awkwardly gave it a squeeze. "It--- It'll be fine... If you need a day or two to pack your things. I don't expect you to leave till the 1st."</p>
<p class="text">Wanting to scream, Jimin stared at his landlord till the man removed his hand, clearing his throat and turning on his heel to leave.</p>
<p class="text">For a long time, Jimin stayed still, frozen with disbelief.</p>
<p class="text">"But the 1st is only 2 days from now," he eventually whispered to the empty stairwell, his trash bag splitting right at that moment and emptying itself all over his foot.</p>
<p class="text">He'd stayed here at this very same apartment for so many years, but it only took less than 10 minutes for him to get kicked out. The reality of that made his eyes well up with frustrated, miserable tears, and he was devastated at the thought of leaving Seoul behind. Inconsolable, Jimin had to bend down and collect his trash, crying and dotting the floor with dark, wet spots.</p>
<p class="divide">•·······•·······•·······•·······•</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi scrutinized Sung-ho's movements on the floor, frowning. "Your eldest is still looking a little unsteady," he commented, turning to Namjoon with crossed arms. They were both monitoring PAROXCISM in the studio from the other side of a one-way mirror, because they'd learnt a long time ago that everything Yoongi did seemed to keep Namjoon's kids on their figurative toes. "Is he putting in the extra hours?"</p>
<p class="text">"He and Taemin work the most on dancing during their free time," Namjoon replied, his eyes glued firmly on his group as they tore through a powerful series of movements, their arms just shy of being fluid enough. "Hoseok's been working Ki-moon to the bone, but I'm pretty sure he's been staying behind to help his hyungs practice after hours. I'm not too worried about Daesung or Daehyun, but Sung-ho's dancing just isn't on par..." Sighing, he glanced at Yoongi. "You know, it gets a lot of negative attention online; the comments on their YouTube videos are pretty rough." Namjoon chewed on the nail of his thumb, frowning. "I'm worried about him."</p>
<p class="text">"Sung-ho's a strong guy; he's not as insecure as he used to be pre-debut," Yoongi hummed, considering how much PAROXCISM had grown since their starting days. "It's been a while now; they've all kind of gotten past the negative press, for the most part." His eyes narrowed at Daesung.</p>
<p class="text">"Well. All except for that one, I think..."</p>
<p class="text">Seokjin, who was reclining against the wall, straightened up and joined his boyfriend, arms folded like Yoongi's. "Is Daesungie still obsessively looking at all the hashtags on Twitter?" He worried aloud, shaking his head. "We can't stop them from doing things like that, but if it's only going to bring them down..."</p>
<p class="text">"Cutting off their access to social media accounts is a stupid move," Yoongi advised immediately, cutting Seokjin off with an apologetic look. "We all know how badly that turned out with ENTRIES; it became obvious ILGI's Twitter account was being heavily moderated." He turned to Namjoon. "The kid's going to be affected by the comments one way or another. Better to know what the fans are saying so he can combat the issue head on in his own way, rather than leave things up to his imagination." Because a teenager's imagination was a frighteningly malleable thing; Yoongi knew. He'd been there before.</p>
<p class="text">"Daesung is sensitive, but it's not things about the performances that gets to him," Namjoon pointed out shrewdly as the members drew into a tight V formation, each of them coordinating their locking in accordance with Hoseok's loud counting. "He's always being compared to Daehyun--- Especially because they're brothers, let alone twins... Something like that could give anyone a complex; unless we help him get past that mental hurdle, things are never going to get better for him."</p>
<p class="text">It still boggled Yoongi's mind sometimes, when they discussed things like this. They were only in their thirties - early thirties, even - but they were responsible for these guys in a way most people wouldn't understand. From Daesung's delicate sensitivities to Taemin's tendency to overthink---</p>
<p class="text">These were all things that he and Namjoon had to worry about. Sure, the ILGI and PAROXCISM members had been in training for a while, and they'd already debuted, but it didn't mean that they knew everything about how harsh the grind of the entertainment industry could be. There were many times their artists couldn't deal well with the mental and physical pressures of fame, and it was Yoongi and Namjoon's job to guide them well through these tough experiences.</p>
<p class="text">The entertainment industry could be a really twisted and ugly thing. Yoongi had seen his fair share of suffering while he'd been an artist. There had been many things that were hard for him to tolerate back then, and he now knew how hard they were to tolerate as a producer in the field with his own kids on the line. He, Joon and Hoseok had lucked out, being taken in by a company like BigHit, where they'd been valued and protected and encouraged creatively as artists. It was the kind of environment they were trying to recreate for their guys. But that was all they could do--- Work on improving things internally. There was still the nasty nature of their industry and all sorts of other external factors that they couldn't protect the boys from.</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi, Namjoon and Hoseok had promised these kids the same thing Bang Shi Hyuk PD-nim had promised them when they'd been rapping as a unit under BigHit; that they would make ILGI and PAROXCISM established teams as producers, but only if the members believed in their group's potential and did their best with their individual responsibilities. The times had changed, and the market had only become more competitive. Both groups were popular now, and they were blessed enough to have solid international fanbases across the globe... But both Namjoon and Yoongi knew that this was only the beginning for both ILGI and PAROXCISM. If they rested for even a moment, it was possible for them to backslide, forcing them to start from the ground up again. From the things they did to the tweets they posted, the members were scrutinized because they were idolized.</p>
<p class="text">In an industry like theirs, mistakes were fatal.</p>
<p class="text">He had a greed to possess, to take everything--- From the All Kills to the Daesang Awards, from the MAMA stage to the music shows. He was in the process of making sure he instilled the same hunger in all his artists--- Including even Jungkook and their two other solo artists.</p>
<p class="text">"Hoseok looks pretty upset," Namjoon pointed out with surprise, watching as their friend drew a line across his throat with the flat of his hand. Frowning, he walked to the door and opened it as the music cut out, walking into Yoongi's view on the other side of the one-way mirror. "What's going on?" He asked, glancing between Hoseok and his kids, all of whom were panting.</p>
<p class="text">"Ki-moon's overworked himself again," Hoseok said blandly, walking over to the lead dancer and clamping a hand down on his shoulder. "How late did you stay last night? Did you sleep at all before you went out for your shoot this morning?" His eyes narrowed as he squeezed experimentally, his fingers digging in. He sighed as Ki-moon flinched even upon the gentle contact, immediately releasing him. "And you've strained your muscles? Again?"</p>
<p class="text">The kid looked at his shoelaces, unnerved at being singled out. Ki-moon was the quietest member of PAROXCISM, and he was also the choreography leader. His habit of overworking himself had made it known several times; it had gotten bad enough that he'd had to miss one of the Music Bank performances in the past due to a second degree sprain. His ligament had swelled up back then, and it had been the first time anyone had seen the stoic member cry like a child due to the agony that resulted from the painful injury. "I stayed back," he admitted quietly. "I wanted to get it right, so that we could do well in front of Jung PD-nim and Kim PD-nim... And Min PD-nim."</p>
<p class="text">The annoying thing about having hardworking kids was that sometimes, they didn't understand the necessity in prioritizing their own health and safety. This was a struggle Yoongi had only understood after becoming a producer himself--- He'd never appreciated just how much Bang PD-nim had suffered, watching him, Namjoon and Hoseok work themselves to the bone during their time signed to BigHit. Rounding the doorframe, he levelled Ki-moon with a blank stare. "How many times are you going to do this before it becomes a real problem for your body?" He asked severely. "Don't you know that by endangering yourself like this, you're causing problems for your team?"</p>
<p class="text">"Yoongi," Seokjin frowned, stepping into the studio as well. "He's just---"</p>
<p class="text">With his kind heart and nurturing personality, it was always Jin who tried to lessen the blow for the ILGI and PAROXCISM members when they were being scolded. While it was in his nature, it had also worried Yoongi in the past; he wanted his boys to become strong and it just wasn't going to happen if Jin coddled them too much.</p>
<p class="text">Luckily, Joon always knew what to say, and how to say it. "Min PD-nim is right," he cut Jin off gently, walking up to Ki-moon. "Even if you wanted to get it right, there was no reason for you to go this far. Didn't what happened with your sprain teach you anything?" He sighed as the kid winced, shaking his head. Eventually, he reached out a hand and put the back of his fingers to Ki-moon's forehead. "Are you feeling sick at all? Do you need to see a doctor? We can call one here."</p>
<p class="text">Times like this, it was easy to see what made Joon such a great leader. He was stern but kind, unrelenting but caring in enforcing positive and character-building principles. Yoongi admired that in his friend; it also made his lectures that much more powerful to PAROXCISM--- Joon's disappointment was enough as a punishment to these kids, who looked up to him as a role model and a brother - or even father - figure.</p>
<p class="text">Shaking his head mildly, Ki-moon looked up. "No. I'm fine; thank you, PD-nim."</p>
<p class="text">"It was us who asked for his help," Taemin owned up, stepping forward with Sung-ho beside him.</p>
<p class="text">He looked at Ki-moon guiltily as he inhaled sharply. "We felt we needed more practice and we roped Ki-moon in, even though we knew he was practicing the most." Bowing his head quickly, his eyes slid closed. "I'm... We're sorry."</p>
<p class="text">"It isn't Moon's fault. I knew I wasn't doing well, so I asked him to teach me the choreography again... I hadn't known he'd been taxing himself so much." Sung-ho, chewing his lip, also lowered his head. "I apologize, Kim PD-nim, Min PD-nim." He glanced at Hoseok, his fringe falling forward from where it had been tucked behind his ear. "Jung PD-nim."</p>
<p class="text">Daesung and Daehyun, who hadn't spoken so far, stepped forward to stand beside their hyung and their leader, exchanging glances with each other before they bowed as well, just in an act of solidarity. Seokjin heaved a sigh as he watched Ki-moon shift on his feet, uncomfortable with being the centre of the attention.</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi kept his arms crossed as he leaned back against a wall, lifting an eyebrow and nodding towards Namjoon when his co-director shot him a glance. 'You deal with it,' he thought. 'Just like how ILGI are mine, these are your boys. I'm not going to intervene.' That was the great thing about working with someone for many years; you learned how to avoid stepping on each other's toes unless it was absolutely necessary. It was one of the many things he was grateful for; Namjoon had never crossed the line when Yoongi was disciplining ILGI, either, and he never spoke unless invited.</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi showed him the same respect as a mentor.</p>
<p class="text">Hoseok raised his arms when Namjoon looked at him as well, taking a step back and shaking his head. "Your call, boss," he murmured seriously, glancing at Ki-moon. The three of them had a respect for each other born out of taking the heat of the industry together over the past few years.</p>
<p class="text">Each of them were fully aware of their place in their company, and it was reassuring.</p>
<p class="text">"I'm going to cancel your internal schedule tomorrow," Namjoon decided, turning to Taemin, the leader of PAROXCISM. "I'm aware that both you and Sung-ho have problems with the choreography. You always have, and I'm glad you're both working hard on it." He turned to Kimoon. "But you shouldn't be putting your health on the line here. Practice hard, but always be mindful of your body. Do you hear me?" He squeezed the dancer's arm, looking regretful. "I know that you're diligent. All of you are. But we should be past this stage by now; you should all know your limits." He glanced at Yoongi and Hoseok, gesturing invitingly.</p>
<p class="text">So Joon wanted him to chip in after all. Yoongi straightened up and took a step forward. "We've already had Ki-moon sprain his ligament once," he said factually, not one to skirt around a point.</p>
<p class="text">"Taemin fractured his elbow last spring during a concert. Daehyun, you broke your toe while you were on a variety show once." Wryly, he glanced at the maknae with a straight face. "I still don't know how the hell it happened, but it did."</p>
<p class="text">Daehyun's eyes widened. "We were playing a game, and---"</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi lifted a hand with a long sigh, halting the kid. "I wasn't asking for an explanation, Jesus.</p>
<p class="text">What I want is for you guys to keep working as hard as you have, but without endangering your health like this." He faced them all with a blank expression. "I know that we aren't as close, considering Joon's your executive producer and not me, and I know that I can be blunt sometimes, but I do care about you. My own boss used to say this to me--- Health is the most important thing."</p>
<p class="text">Bang Shi Hyuk's words rang clear in his mind, as though he'd only spoken to Yoongi 5 minutes ago.</p>
<p class="text">"Even with all the talent, hard work and fans in the world, you can't do anything if you lose your health, and you definitely can't count on buying it back."</p>
<p class="text">"I'm proud of you for helping your band members out," Hoseok made sure to add, smiling at Kimoon, though there was still residual worry in his eyes. He reached out and ruffled the lead dancer's hair, ignoring the annoyed huff he got for that. "But don't do it at the expense of yourself." He turned to Taemin and Sung-ho. "You might be embarrassed to ask, but I'm always willing to stay with you for some extra lessons--- Didn't we do that before you guys debuted?" He shrugged and quirked an eyebrow. "What makes you think that'll be any different now?"</p>
<p class="text">"We have to communicate more, about your difficulties and what you need help with. If you're tired, or if you're experiencing pain... Even when you're upset, we're here for you." Namjoon said firmly.</p>
<p class="text">"Count on each other, but also know that you have us; your mentors. You have every single member of our staff in your corner... And of course, all your ROXIES, who are always waiting for you to get back to the stage. They'd want to see you happy and healthy, just like you hope to see them doing well during your performances and fanmeets." He took in a deep breath and clapped his hands together, prompting all of them that he was drawing the night to a close. "Okay. Let's wrap this up."</p>
<p class="text">Looking at each member, he nodded. "Teamwork?"</p>
<p class="text">"Makes the dream work," the members recited in unison, Ki-moon stepping back in line with the rest of the group.</p>
<p class="text">"Right. Go get your stuff and rest up at home," Namjoon said kindly, stepping aside as the boys filled out of the room one by one. He watched them getting ready to leave, palming his face tiredly and making a dying noise. "They're shaving off 10 years of my life every time they do something like this," he mumbled into his hands, sinking down to sit on top of a large amp. Yoongi watched the boys pile out into the main corridor, chatting quietly amongst themselves with Taemin at the helm before the 'adults' were truly left alone. "I was a nervous wreck for a second there when you grabbed his shoulder, Hoseok, I thought he'd dislocated it or something... Do they take turns to stress me out, or is it just my imagination?"</p>
<p class="text">"Sometimes I think there's a roster pinned up on the fridge in ILGI's dorm," Yoongi agreed commiseratingly, already weary just thinking about it. "I'm pretty sure it's Joon-ki's turn this week, but then again he seems to be permanently on duty for stressing me the fuck out..." He pinched the bridge of his nose. "Maybe it's Ki-ha, then..."</p>
<p class="text">Jin stepped behind Namjoon and massaged his shoulder, shaking his head. "Can you really blame them for being like this?" He lifted an eyebrow at Yoongi and Hoseok. "I'm sure you guys gave Bang PD-nim a tough time in the past too; Sejin-hyung still hasn't run out of complaints about how the 3 of you were like back then. These are problems you'll have to face with your artists, especially when they're so young." He smacked the top of Namjoon's head lightly. "Don't underestimate how stupid you were as artists in the past; you overworked yourself just as much, or maybe even more. I pitied poor Bang PD-nim, you know."</p>
<p class="text">"To be fair, this feels a little like karma," Hoseok agreed uncomfortably, scratching the back of his head. "I remember receiving the same comments we just gave them from our own manager-hyungnims..."</p>
<p class="text">"Sejin-hyung used to smack me on the head if he caught me sleeping in the studio," Yoongi grumbled, remembering how he'd whined and tried to swat whatever Sejin had used to hit him away tiredly. "Sometimes he'd drag me off the couch by my foot. There was one time he fireman lifted me all the way back to the dorm from the company building in the middle of the night."</p>
<p class="text">"We were lucky we stayed so close," Namjoon pointed out, tilting his head back and sighing. "I'm going to go make sure those idiots get back to the dorm safely." He smiled wearily as Jin dropped a kiss on his forehead before straightening back up. "I'll see you at home?"</p>
<p class="text">"I'll just tidy up some stuff here; you have an appointment tomorrow at 4; I should print out your notes and the schedule for next week so that you can brief the boys tomorrow," Jin said airily, following his boyfriend.</p>
<p class="text">"I'm going to head back and crash too," Hoseok decided with a hearty yawn. He glanced at Yoongi.</p>
<p class="text">"Hyung, you're not staying again, are you?"</p>
<p class="text">"I can't work on the producing anymore till ILGI gets back tomorrow," Yoongi shrugged, ignoring Jin's warning look. He was pretty sure his hyung would murder him if he argued that he wanted to work any longer. "Might as well head back and catch some sleep--- It's going to be busy once they're back in Seoul." He turned towards the door, following Seokjin's back sluggishly. "By the way, can we set up a date and time to review Jungkook's latest cover? I want it to be up by next week, latest."</p>
<p class="text">"We'll discuss it in the morning," Namjoon promised, nodding as Seokjin hit the lift button to go down to the first floor. "Is he still in the building?"</p>
<p class="text">"He better be; I'm not taking a cab," Yoongi scrunched up his nose.</p>
<p class="text">"You're a multi-billionaire, why're you pinching pennies over public transportation?" Seokjin sighed heavily, massaging his temple. "Yoongi-yah, seriously, sometimes it's so hard to get you. Do the ILGI members understand you?"</p>
<p class="text">"They're weirder than me; it's me who doesn't understand them," Yoongi deadpanned, getting into the lift once the doors opened. He hit the button of the third floor where his private studio was located; if nothing had changed, Jungkook should have locked himself in to practice on his own discreetly. It was an arrangement they had--- if Yoongi was ever called away from his private studio.</p>
<p class="text">Jungkook could feel free to use it as and when he liked. Pulling out his phone, he unlocked it and checked Seeking Arrangement, wondering if MINIMIN's discussion with his landlord had gone well. He frowned when he realized there was no reply; was that a good sign or a bad sign?</p>
<p class="text">"Well, whatever it is, tell them that I have ideas for them to ante up their stages," Hoseok beamed, flashing Yoongi a peace sign as the door opened on the third level. Yoongi turned around to face the group as he exited, waving goodbye. "Can't wait to have them back; it's too quiet without that bunch around. Rest up, hyung."</p>
<p class="text">"You better not go home and continue working," Namjoon added wryly. "Not after we just scolded the hell out of my kids."</p>
<p class="text">"Good night," Seokjin smiled serenely, pressing his lips to his fingertips in preparation for one of his signature hand kisses. He thrust a hand out towards Yoongi, beaming. "Sweet dreams~"</p>
<p class="text">Grimacing, Yoongi ducked out of the way to dodge the 'kiss,' snickering at the insulted gasp from Seokjin before the doors closed. Letting out a loud sigh, he checked that no one was around before he lifted his phone again, rereading their last few messages on the app. While he hoped that MINIMIN had gotten the extension he wanted, it was highly unlikely; people in Seoul were pretty strict on timely payment of rent, and he was a little worried at the radio silence since the guy had promised to text him after he spoke to his landlord. Refreshing his inbox as he continued towards his private studio, he was disappointed by the official lack of response from MINIMIN.</p>
<div class="chat">
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">hey</div>
	<div class="msg rcvd" data-time="MYG">is everything okay?</div>
</div>
<p class="text">He wanted to add more, but decided it would be invasive for him to probe too much about the matter. Letting out a deep breath, he shoved his phone into his pocket and firmly put the matter out of his mind; MINIMIN would reply if or when he wanted to. Yoongi pressed his thumb to the fingerprint scanner, entering his studio with a strong step once he'd been granted access.</p>
<p class="text">Jungkook had his earbuds in, presumably listening to a recording of his own cover to check for areas where he needed to improve. He only noticed Yoongi was in the room when he was tapped on the shoulder, and he sprung to his feet with wide eyes. "Min PD-nim," he greeted, belatedly realizing how late it was as his eyes drifted to the clock hanging over the door. Even so, it was pretty endearing that he still referred to Yoongi formally, since they were still in the company building. "I'm sorry, I got carried away. Did you stay back because I was using the studio---"</p>
<p class="text">It actually made Yoongi proud, knowing how hardworking all of his artists were. "No," he reassured, shaking his head. "But you should be careful not to overdo it, even if I'm caught up elsewhere." Leaning past Jungkook, he collected a folder and his wallet, shoving it all into a black tote bag he had hanging on the hook. "We're all done for the day; I mentioned setting some time aside for a review for your cover to the others as well." Glancing at Jungkook, he smiled. "It'll be tough, but I'm pretty sure we can have it up by next week, so let's get some rest tonight and continue doing our best tomorrow."</p>
<p class="text">"Okay," Jungkook nodded, coiling up his earphones and sticking them into his pocket. "I'll drive you home. Have you got everything?"</p>
<p class="text">"All good." Yoongi hummed in approval, shouldering his bag. "Let's go."</p>