---
cssclasses:
  - fanfiction
Previous Chapter:
  - "[[04 - what is your wish for 2017]]"
Next Chapter: []
---
<p class="title">what is your wish for 2017?</p>
<p class="text">Okay, so they hadn't had dinner that night. Or the next. In fact, if Jimin wasn't mistaken, he was pretty sure the trend would continue tonight as well.</p>
<p class="text">Not that he'd been wanting for a thing, actually. He had his own laptop, and Yoongi's premium Netflix account whenever he wanted to take a break from job hunting. This very morning, Yoongi had handed him an American Express card before he left for work, completely apropos of nothing.</p>
<p class="text">"It's a debit and credit account," he'd said with a small smile, "I had Jungkook set it up, so I'll transfer the 8 million to this card on the first of every month. You can use it whenever you want, so don't miss your meals, okay?" He glanced over Jimin's shoulder at the kitchen. "I know my fridge isn't very well stocked, so you can order in groceries or whatever else you need if you feel like cooking; just make sure you eat well." The producer had waited a moment before he leaned in and pecked Jimin on the forehead, awkwardly clearing his throat and averting his eyes as the lift doors closed between them.</p>
<p class="text">Jimin had been left alone in the apartment, stunned, for the fifth time in as many days.</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi came home late at night, usually nowhere near coherent or awake enough to hold a conversation. The producer stumbled through a routine so bizarrely hectic that it made Jimin's head spin, but he never once doubted Yoongi's enjoyment of his job, or the passion he had in what he did.</p>
<p class="text">So far, the man had proven himself to be nothing but genuine, albeit somewhat awkward in expressing himself. It was endearing, how much of himself he invested in his career, but it was also frustrating that they never actually saw each other, save for the few moments before Yoongi passed out and before he left for work--- Neither had they ever actually had that conversation Jimin had been waiting for, to determine exactly what kind of relationship laid between them. Jimin wasn't sure he felt comfortable being paid 8,000,000 won to run his fingers through someone's hair for the few seconds before they fell asleep.</p>
<p class="text">And that had legitimately been all he was doing. Jimin had expected Yoongi do or say something wildly inappropriate by now, but all the producer had wanted was to basically lay down next to him at night. It was baffling to know that someone had legitimately paid him a bomb to literally sleep in the same bed, without even the intention of having his dick sat on.</p>
<p class="text">In short, Jimin was confused, Yoongi was missing, and everything was fucking weird.</p>
<p class="text">Added to the fact that he hadn't left the house in 5 days, this stress was driving him a little stir crazy.</p>
<p class="text">Frustrated, Jimin paced the length of the living room and ended up outside on the balcony, the breeze combing through the strands of his hair. He missed being busy--- At least, busier than he was just sending out resumes the whole fucking day. He missed his friends, and he missed feeling like he had the freedom to come and go as and when he pleased. Being cooped up in the house was boring as hell, but Jimin thought it was definitely safer for Yoongi's reputation. The producer hadn't specifically said anything about it, but Jimin was sure he'd be advised not to leave the apartment if he raised the question.</p>
<p class="text">Slumping against the glass door, he stared out into the sights of Gangnam mid-day and pulled out his phone.</p>
<div class="chat">
	<div data-time="PARK.J" class="msg rcvd">  hey hey </div>
	<div data-time="PARK.J" class="msg rcvd"> whatre you up to?  </div>
</div>
<p class="text">Yoongi usually took a while to respond, but this time a reply came quickly. Pleased that he hadn't had to wait, Jimin cocked his head and wondered if they could carry a conversation longer than a few minutes this time. He was seriously concerned about the state of affairs between them, even if Yoongi didn't seem affected by it at all.</p>
<div class="chat">
	<div data-time="MIN.Y" class="msg sent"> I'm finally having lunch. </div>
	<div data-time="MIN.Y" class="msg sent"> [image attached]  </div>
	<div data-time="MIN.Y" class="msg sent">  There's a good place across the street from the studio. </div>
	<div data-time="MIN.Y" class="msg sent"> Want me to buy it for you tonight?  </div>
</div>
<p class="text"><a id="p75"></a>Jimin sighed heavily as he walked back into the house, his feet taking him to the kitchen. Opening the fridge, he worriedly tapped out a response with one hand as he withdrew a bowl of grapes with the other. He set it on the counter and removed the cling wrap, popping one into his mouth.</p>
<div class="chat">
	<div data-time="PARK.J" class="msg rcvd"> it's already 4, youre only just eating right now?? </div>
	<div data-time="PARK.J" class="msg rcvd"> and thats ok.  </div>
	<div data-time="PARK.J" class="msg rcvd"> itll probably be a late night for you again...  </div>
	<div data-time="MIN.Y" class="msg sent"> I was busy with the boys earlier. They're at an interview now. </div>
	<div data-time="MIN.Y" class="msg sent">  MIN.Y is typing...</div>
	<div data-time="MIN.Y" class="msg sent"> Are you upset?  </div>
</div>
<p class="text">He was, because Yoongi worked himself like a dog and Jimin never got to talk to him. For someone who was essentially being paid to talk to Yoongi, he wasn't really doing a very good job, and he felt guilty even looking at his account balance. That amount of money? Just to accompany the producer?</p>
<p class="text">Mostly when he was dead asleep?</p>
<p class="text">For someone who was surrounded by people, Yoongi was amazingly touch starved. It was all in the little things he did; the way he leaned into Jimin as they exchanged greetings in the morning, the way his hand lingered on Jimin's shoulder when he was leaving the house for work. There had even been one time where the producer had been so massively out of it by the time he was done at the office that he'd butted his head against Jimin's hand whenever it stilled, just so that Jimin would continue patting his head.</p>
<p class="text">And sure, it was cute, but it was also very, very bizarre that Jimin was essentially earning a pay check just by putting Yoongi to bed.</p>
<p class="msg"><b>PARK.J:</b> what makes you say that</p>
<p class="msg"><b>MIN.Y:</b> You use fullstops when you're upset.</p>
<i><p class="msg">MIN.Y is typing...</p></i>
<p class="msg"><b>MIN.Y:</b> I'm sorry if I upset you.</p>
<i><p class="msg">MIN.Y is typing...</p></i>
<p class="msg"><b>MIN.Y:</b> Did I do something wrong?</p>
<p class="text">Oh my god. Jimin couldn't even stay upset at this man in peace, it was fucking mind-blowing. In the first place, it was obvious how attentive Yoongi was, to figure out something like that even though they hadn't talked much. The producer paid Jimin a metric fuck ton of money--- Technically, even Jimin felt like the man didn't have to give a shit about him and how he felt. Yet, Yoongi had been nothing but considerate and generous with Jimin, who still felt like a stranger in someone else's home. Sinking down on the couch with his phone and his grapes, Jimin chewed his lip nervously.</p>
<p class="msg"><b>PARK.J:</b> no no</p>
<p class="msg"><b>PARK.J:</b> you didnt, I swear</p>
<p class="msg"><b>PARK.J:</b> I just</p>
<p class="msg"><b>PARK.J:</b> idk</p>
<p class="msg"><b>PARK.J:</b> I wish we.. talked a little more??</p>
<i><p class="msg">MIN.Y is typing...</p></i>
<p class="text">Jesus, he felt guilty even typing that. Especially knowing how busy Yoongi was and how much he cared about his boys. Most of the past 5 days, Yoongi had fallen asleep still talking about something Cheolmin had said to set Joon-ki off again, or how Seojun was a good leader and hyung for caring about Ki-ha and taking charge of the group when they got rowdy.</p>
<i><p class="msg">MIN.Y is typing...</p></i>
<p class="msg"><b>PARK.J:</b> I didnt mean it</p>
<p class="msg"><b>PARK.J:</b> I know you're busy and its hard work</p>
<p class="msg"><b>PARK.J:</b> and it must be really hard, so I didnt want to say anything or add to your stress</p>
<p class="msg"><b>PARK.J:</b> i just thought itd be nice, if we could sit down together</p>
<p class="msg"><b>PARK.J:</b> maybe have a meal together..</p>
<i><p class="msg">MIN.Y is typing...</p></i>
<p class="text">Groaning, Jimin tossed his phone on the couch and curled up on his side, the bowl set just beneath his head on soft, plush leather. Blinking wearily, he waited for Yoongi's response, and was surprised when his phone began to vibrate with a call. Picking it up, his eyes widened to see Yoongi's waiting face on the screen of his camera, his brows pinched into a worried frown. Sitting up abruptly, Jimin cleared his throat and checked his hair in the reflection of the television before he accepted the call.</p>
<p class="text">"Yoongi," he smiled into the camera. "Is everything okay?"</p>
<p class="text">"Everything's fine," Yoongi said quietly. It looked like he was in his studio; there were posters on the walls and a ton of equipment on a table behind him. In front of him, a boxed lunch was unopened, with chopsticks placed on top of it. The producer was dressed down in a hoodie; he hadn't had any appointments today--- Jimin remembered what he was told in the morning before Yoongi left. "I just wanted to see you," Yoongi said bluntly, making Jimin flush with a small grin. "I was worried when I read your texts..."</p>
<p class="text">"It's not a big deal, please don't worry about it," Jimin said quickly, shaking his head as he tried to figure out where he could rest the phone; he didn't want his arm to get tired. "I'm--- I'm happy that you called," he admitted, unable to keep the smile off his face.</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi looked a little flustered, his eyes averted from the screen. Sometimes, he acted so reserved that it was impossible for Jimin to connect him to the image of Agust D spitting on stage, or the cool and level-headed producer standing beside PAROXCISM and ILGI during award shows. "I didn't mean to neglect you," he said, shoulders tight as he mumbled. "It's been busy, but I should have made more of an effort to come back sooner..." He lifted his head and frowned, cocking his head at the camera. "I'm sorry, Min."</p>
<p class="text">"Don't be," Jimin reassured him, warm with the thought that Yoongi was this considerate when he had no obligations to pander to Jimin's wishes in the first place. "I told you, it's no big deal... Calling like this more often for lunch or dinner would be nice though," he added with a laugh, pinching a grape and wriggling it in front of the camera. "I'm having a snack too, so it feels like a bit like we're on a mukbang show."</p>
<p class="text">"Joon-ki loves those," Yoongi said immediately, setting his phone down against something so that Jimin could see him. Subconsciously or not, he never seemed to miss the opportunity to talk about ILGI; it was rarer for Jimin to hear Yoongi talking about himself than it was to hear him go on about his work and his kids. "The guy packs away food like you wouldn't believe; I took them out to a restaurant once and he wolfed down enough beef and pork to almost bankrupt me." He narrowed his eyes at what was presumably the door, his gaze sharp and vindictive. "Never again."</p>
<p class="text">Jimin burst out laughing. "Bankrupting you must be a challenge." He popped the grape between his fingers into his mouth and chewed, swallowing before he spoke again. "Ki-ha seems a little quiet, though. Is he like that in real life too?"</p>
<p class="text">"What do you mean in real life, he's a living person," Yoongi snorted, breaking apart his chopsticks and removing the cover of his boxed lunch. "But yeah, he's a pretty introverted kid. Kind of shy; if we didn't have Cheolmin in the group, I don't think we'd have made much headway publicity wise; none of the others tweet as much as he does."</p>
<p class="text">"Cheolmin seems like a nice person," Jimin offered, lifting an eyebrow. "I've noticed how much he tweets too; it's mostly his initials on the ILGI timeline."</p>
<p class="text">"Oh, you follow their Twitter account?" Yoongi's face grew bright and he laughed. Jimin loved these moments, where the producer's teeth showed in a gummy grin. It transformed his otherwise cool and aloof image, and it felt like Yoongi didn't break character like this very often. "Thanks for supporting them so well."</p>
<p class="text">"Of course, I followed their account; it's where all the teasers are uploaded," Jimin pointed out shrewdly. "Sometimes they even upload comeback dates; those are important to every fan! Did you think I was lying when I said I liked them? Don't underestimate me."</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi popped a piece of chicken in his mouth--- It was glistening with some sauce and looked tasty. "Have you seen their latest tweet?" He asked conversationally around a mouthful, picking up some rice with his chopsticks. "Joon-ki's going to be gone for a bit; they've decided to cast him in Law of the Jungle."</p>
<p class="text">Jimin's mouth gaped. "Oh my god," he blinked with wide eyes. Cheolmin was Jimin's ultimate bias, but he always had a soft spot for the bad boy type in any group, and Joon-ki embodied that pretty much perfectly. "That's really exciting! Is he looking forward to going? Where are they filming it?"</p>
<p class="text">The producer swallowed his food and licked his lips. The gesture drew Jimin's eye--- It reminded him that while Yoongi might not be the most traditionally handsome man, he emanated a certain aura that was overwhelmingly attractive. He was callous about conducting himself in private, which led to moments like this where he was effortlessly distracting. Jimin was beginning to suffer. "He's pretty enthusiastic about the program, and Seojun's been on it before," Yoongi answered, obviously happy to talk about his kids with someone else. "Since his hyung can give him some advice, I think he's been preparing himself pretty well. It's going to be filmed in Brazil."</p>
<p class="text">"Didn't Joon-ki say in an interview once that he didn't know how to swim?" Jimin recalled, frowning. "I hope he's going to be okay..."</p>
<p class="text">"I was pretty worried about that myself," Yoongi blinked, sounding surprised that Jimin had shared his concerns, "but then I found out that Ki-ha and Cheolmin have already taught him how during the filming of our ILGI Fest broadcast for V app a couple of months ago." The producer ate slowly and methodically, consuming food at a snail's pace. Hopefully, he was intending to take a break for a bit; Jimin was worried about him overworking himself. "Apparently while Joon and I were in the hotel bar after the filming stopped, the boys were taking turns to teach Joon-ki, so I'm not too freaked out about him going to Brazil."</p>
<p class="text">It was sweet how much Yoongi cared about these boys. "Do you ever get tired talking about them?"</p>
<p class="text">He asked gently, resting his hand on his cheek as he rolled a grape in circles on his palm. He ate it, chewing quickly and swallowing. The fruits he'd ordered online were all tasty and fresh, even though he'd been worried initially. It was nice, not having to pick them out himself for a change---</p>
<p class="text">That was the level of service you got from a luxury grocer, he supposed. "The ILGI members, I mean."</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi shook his head, lifting an eyebrow as his cheek bulged with some japchae. "I don't talk about much else other than work, and they're a big part of my life," he admitted wryly, looking a little apologetic. "Since I'm always with them, it's natural for me to talk about them a lot... And like I mentioned, it's been a long time since I've talked to anyone outside of work for a while now." He</p>
<p class="text"><a id="p78"></a>paused, working through the food in his mouth so he could sigh. "It must be kind of boring after a while, though... I'm---"</p>
<p class="text">"If you say you're sorry right now, I'm not going to pet your head tonight," Jimin warned, lifting a finger and pouting. "No saying you're sorry, not about this." It was always nice to hear Yoongi talking about ILGI--- Not just because Jimin was a fan, but because Yoongi looked so happy and contented just rambling on about them. It was endearing to know that he was so invested in their growth, both as a group and as individuals. "But I would like to know more about you," he added a little shyly, remembering that he'd actually Goggled Yoongi the first night that he'd found out about him. As a fan, he'd listened to Yoongi's music, but he'd never read up too much about the producer's personal life. Reading some of his past interviews had been enlightening, but he'd much rather hear Yoongi talking about himself. "We haven't talked much about each other to... You know, each other."</p>
<p class="text">"I'm not that interesting," Yoongi laughed awkwardly, scratching the back of his head as he picked up a plastic glass of water. It had been dinged on one side, and it wobbled as he set it down on the table after taking a sip. "But I'd like to know more about you, so---"</p>
<p class="text">"Let's play a question game," Jimin suggested excitedly, finishing his last grape and licking his lower lip. He didn't miss the way Yoongi's eyes dropped to his mouth, and it made him a little shy. Sure, they'd been checking each other out over the past few days, but nothing had actually happened yet. It was so bizarre, but it felt like they'd actually jumped the gun in what would have been a real relationship--- Jimin had moved in with Yoongi before they'd even kissed. It was strange, but comforting to know that Yoongi was at least somewhat attracted to him. On the other hand, he wondered if Yoongi realized that the attraction ran both ways. "I'll go first; where were you born?"</p>
<p class="text">"Daegu," Yoongi answered, lifting an eyebrow. "I haven't used satoori around you?"</p>
<p class="text">"You did," Jimin laughed. "The first night we met, actually; I just wanted to make sure I was right. Does that mean you tend to speak in satoori when you're nervous?"</p>
<p class="text">"Who said I was nervous?" Yoongi retorted quickly, before he averted his eyes and mumbled, "I mean, I was, but only a little. And yeah, it's a habit of mine." His nose scrunched up; it was the most adorable thing ever. "Joon and his b--- His PA, they make fun of me a lot whenever it happens."</p>
<p class="text">Noting that little slip but deciding not to comment on it, Jimin set the empty bowl on the coffee table and pulled his enormous stuffed dog into his lap. "I think it's cute," he cocked his head with a fond smile. "And your voice is really nice; you drawl sometimes and it's kind of comforting to listen to."</p>
<p class="text">"You think so?" Yoongi chuckled, finishing his meal and setting the empty box aside. Even though he was done eating, he didn't seem liable to hang up any time soon, and Jimin was glad that the producer was carving some of his precious time out of his schedule for them to be together, for what seemed like the first time since they'd met. "Okay... My turn, I guess?" He hummed thoughtfully, resting his chin on the curve of his palm. After a moment, he pointed a finger at the camera. "I've been wondering this, but who gave you that toy dog? It seems like you really treasure it a lot, so..."</p>
<p class="text">He flapped his hand quickly, the motion blurring on Jimin's phone screen. "You don't have to answer if it's personal, though."</p>
<p class="text">"It's not; my best friend gave it to me. The same guy who I said would get along well with Jungkookie, remember?" Jimin grinned, holding up the big old thing. "It was a birthday present; TaeTae and I go way back, so he knows that I like to hug something when I sleep." His cheeks pinked as he realized that he was mostly hugging Yoongi these days, who seemed content with being the little spoon most nights. Clearing his throat, he rambled on a little in case he'd made things slightly awkward. "We, um. We met in university; he studied visual arts, and he's a freelance artist now... I studied dance, but we shared an extra credit module on cultural literature in our second year."</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi leaned forward, his eyes bright with interest. "You studied dance?" He repeated, smiling. "Did you like it a lot?"</p>
<p class="text">"I love dancing; it was my dream to be a choreographer at one point," Jimin beamed, remembering his uni days fondly. "I mostly studied contemporary, but I loved b-boying as well... Dance was what got me into hip-hop, actually, and that's why I knew about ILGI almost as soon as they debuted."</p>
<p class="text">The producer nodded happily, seemingly content with the answer before he regarded Jimin with curiosity. "If you don't mind me asking, what made you stop?"</p>
<p class="text">Pouting and frowning in concentration, Jimin hummed and thought about the question. "I guess it's a matter of taking that risk?" He sighed eventually, flopping down on his side and drawing the camera closer as he chuckled. On the screen, he looked lazy and comfortable, and he pulled a pillow under his head so that his neck wouldn't hurt. "I worked at a studio for a bit, but they didn't pay me that well, and I wanted to send my brother a little more allowance so that he didn't depend on my eomma so much--- Yoongi," he broke off in alarm with wide eyes, "there's water spilling all over your hand, what are you---"</p>
<p class="text">On his end of the video call, Yoongi had clenched his bottle in his hand when Jimin had laid down, and the producer swore under his breath as he loosened his fingers. "Ugh," he groaned, looking embarrassed. "I'm sorry, it's just---" He chewed on his lower lip and cleared his throat, stubbornly not meeting Jimin's eyes as he cleaned up and set the water bottle out of frame. "It's fine, I'm fine. It's just water, and my pants are dark anyway, so---" He glanced at Jimin and winced. "Continue?" He asked lamely.</p>
<p class="text">Jimin giggled, covering his mouth since he was so close to the camera. "There's nothing much to the story," he said, wrapping it up neatly. He wanted to ask his question too. "Like I said, it was mostly about the money... I send money back to my eomma, too." He didn't want to get into the whole divorce thing, so he hurriedly changed the subject. "Then, it's time for my question... What hobbies do you have, other than work?"</p>
<p class="text">This one seemed to stump Yoongi. It took him a long time to respond, which was already funny enough to set Jimin off with a light chuckle. "God," the producer laughed, shaking his head. "It's been so long since--- I don't know, basketball, I guess?" He smiled, running a hand through his hair and crossing his arms on the table. "Joon-ki and Ki-ha are pretty into sports, and some of the PAROXCISM guys are pretty athletic too. Back when we weren't as busy and the groups weren't as popular, we used to go for games together on Saturday mornings at a nearby public court." He set his chin on his arms, grinning. "Now, if we went, we'd probably be mobbed because of those handsome guys."</p>
<p class="text">"I wouldn't have picked you to like basketball," Jimin said, struggling to keep a straight face. After all, Yoongi wasn't the tallest guy around. "I used to play a little ball myself back in school; what position do you usually play?"</p>
<p class="text">"Shooting guard," Yoongi immediately replied, turning his head so that one ear was pressed to his forearm. He looked comfortable in his long sleeves. The way his blonde hair fanned out made it look like he was about to take a short nap, even though Jimin knew it wasn't the case. He was too cute, laying down like this to talk to Jimin, big shot producer and all not giving a damn about being prim and proper. "I wish we could carve some more time out of their schedules to give them a break, maybe let them see their parents... But it's really hard when they're at this level." Sighing, Yoongi paused before shaking his head a little. "I'll ask another question and try not to talk about work."</p>
<p class="text"><a id="p80"></a>"Sure," Jimin said agreeably with a smile, waiting. He genuinely didn't mind Yoongi talking about his work - he managed a group Jimin stanned, after all - but it was also nice to be able to learn more about each other like this. Distantly, it registered that this was like a very domestic thing couples did, Skyping or video calling each other for lunch while they were apart. The thought made him want to giggle. "Take your time---"</p>
<p class="text">"No, no, I've got one," Yoongi said proudly with a grin. "Okay, if I had to give you a nickname, what would you want it to be?"</p>
<p class="text">"That's cheating!" Jimin protested, even though he was already smiling. "You're supposed to ask---"</p>
<p class="text">"Hey, it's the question," Yoongi shrugged, blinking at the camera with wide, innocent eyes. Jimin didn't trust those eyes at all, and neither should anyone else this side of the solar system--- Min Yoongi was a dangerous man. "So come on, a nickname."</p>
<p class="text">Jimin ran through all the things his friends and lovers had called him in the past--- From Jiminie to Chim Chim, from baby to love. Most of them seemed awkward and kind of strange, especially if they were to come from Yoongi, but there was one he could confidently say he liked hearing. "I--- I like it when you just call me Min," he confessed, going a little red. He pulled his stuffed dog up till it almost covered his lips, but refrained from hiding his face since his voice would be muffled. "It's cute, and it sounds natural because you've been calling me that from the start..."</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi smiled warmly, seemingly unfazed despite Jimin's heart thudding in his chest. "It was because your name on Seeking Arrangement was MINIMIN," he explained, his voice slow and quiet and just soft. Min Yoongi was so soft, wow. This was a great concept, Jimin would love to have this concept patented under his name because it was the concept of a lifetime, the concept to end all concepts. "But if you like it, then I guess it's nice to meet you, Min."</p>
<p class="text">Technically they'd met 5 whole days ago, but this was the first time they'd actually had a real, long conversation. It felt like a real introduction; Jimin was happy. "Hey," he said, equally as quiet. It was almost like they were in the same room, comfortable in each other's presence. "It's nice to meet you, Yoongi."</p>
<p class="text">They gazed at each other for a long moment before the producer's lips parted. "It's your turn---" He suddenly cut himself off, jerking to attention and staring at something out of frame. His shoulders relaxed and he rested his head on his crossed arms again. "Oh, it's just you. I should remember to lock my door next time---"</p>
<p class="text">"What do you mean it's just you? That's so rude, PD-nim," a familiar voice called out. "Kim PD-nim just left for KBS with PAROXCISM; I thought you should know." The sound of a door closing could be heard. "What are you doing there in such a comfortable position? Were you napping?"</p>
<p class="text">"You know I try not to sleep on the job. I'm video calling Min," Yoongi cocked his head, pointing at the phone. It immediately told Jimin that the person who'd just entered the room was Jungkook, because he didn't think Yoongi had told anyone else about him. "I was eating, so I decided to take a short break and see him." The producer sat up as Jungkook stepped into frame, dipping to wave at Jimin.</p>
<p class="text">"Hey, Jungkookie," Jimin drawled teasingly, waving back with a bright smile. "How are things over there?"</p>
<p class="text">"Wow, I thought you'd be the type to get whipped, PD-nim, but I never realized just how whipped," Jungkook deadpanned instead of responding to Jimin, staring into Yoongi's phone camera. "You called him just to eat? It's like you're high school sweethearts---"</p>
<p class="text"><a id="p81"></a>Yoongi smacked the back of his PA's head playfully. "Stop embarrassing my sugar baby."</p>
<p class="text">And that made Jimin flush, sure, but it was Jungkook's face that turned red as a tomato in half a second. Bursting into laughter, Jimin buried his face in his stuffed dog for a moment before grinning at the camera. "Jungkookie is so cute," he teased, before taking pity on the guy and changing the subject to something a little less cringey. "I heard from Yoongi that he hadn't had his lunch till 4; does this happen a lot?"</p>
<p class="text">"All the time," Jungkook answered immediately, clearly happy to talk about something else even though Yoongi was glaring daggers at him for tattling. "The groups have busy schedules; sometimes Min PD-nim forgets to eat, or actively refuses to in order to save time; it's frustrating other members of the higher management as well."</p>
<p class="text">So even Yoongi's colleagues didn't approve of his haphazard eating schedule. By upper management, Jungkook was probably talking about Namjoon and Hoseok, right? It was at least comforting to know that Yoongi was surrounded by considerate and caring people who knew him well. "I'm going to try and have lunch and dinner with him like this from now on," Jimin claimed boldly, ignoring Yoongi's sputtering on the right hand side of the screen, "so please remind him when it's time, okay? Or I'll be hungry waiting for him."</p>
<p class="text">Jungkook looked like Christmas came early. He turned to Yoongi, smug and satisfied. "I'll make sure to nag him," he promised Jimin gleefully.</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi did not look amused. "Jeon Jungkook, I swear to god, if you're going to be up my ass about this---"</p>
<p class="text">"He should be, he's your PA!" Jimin scolded, making Yoongi's jaw clamp shut, effective immediately. This prompted a snort from Jungkook. "You're not 10 years old, Yoongi, you should be taking better care of yourself so that you won't worry the people around you... Do you think any of your kids would be happy, knowing that you skipped meals just because they've become more popular and busy?" He shook his head. "It's important to take care of your health, you know, not just theirs."</p>
<p class="text">The producer stared at him mutely.</p>
<p class="text">"More whipped than whipped cream," Jungkook declared with a beam, straightening up and turning on his heel to leave. "Miracles do happen. Please let me know when you're done, Min PD-nim, I'll be on the third floor collaborating with the auditors from KEB Hana--- We might need your input, so please be on standby. Goodbye, Jimin-hyung," he added, already out of frame and likely at the door of the studio.</p>
<p class="text">"Let me know if they want to recruit you so that I can fire your ass, you fucking snake," Yoongi murmured grumpily after his PA, filled with disdain.</p>
<p class="text">Jimin burst into giggles that shook his shoulders. "I've made allies," he declared, pleased.</p>
<p class="text">"Somehow I get the feeling you make allies as easily as you breathe, Min," Yoongi complained, but there was a small smile curving his lips as he resumed his former position. "Now, where were we? Wasn't it your turn?"</p>
<p class="text">"It was," Jimin nodded with his lips pursed into a pout. "Hmm. Let me see..."</p>
<p class="divide">•·······•·······•</p>
<p class="text"><a id="p82"></a>Ki-ha burst into the studio, his eyes wide and his breath heavy. With plastic bags from the nearest convenient store clenched in his hand, he regarded his fellow members, Namjoon and Yoongi with a frantic expression on his face. "I just saw a naked girl," he said, almost making Joon-ki choke on his Gatorade.</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi just blinked. That wasn't a sentence he'd expected to hear from Ki-ha, not even in the next decade.</p>
<p class="text">"What the fuck?" Joon-ki blurted, before turning to Namjoon and wincing. Everyone knew that Namjoon didn't encourage swearing as a rule, not that Yoongi seemed to pay any heed to that particular unspoken law. None of the ILGI boys held their tongue much when Namjoon wasn't around, to be honest. "I'm sorry," he said anyway, with respect for his co-director.</p>
<p class="text">"No, actually," Namjoon brushed off the apology with a frown. "This seems like an apt situation to curse." He approached Ki-ha carefully, brows pinched. "Ki-ha, calm down. What do you mean? What happened?"</p>
<p class="text">They'd all been in the studio for a session, each of the members going over their individual parts of the second last track in their newest album. They'd been a couple of hours in before Ki-ha coughed, prompting his hyungs to - of course - jump to conclusions that if Ki-ha didn't immediately have some cold sweet tea, he'd die of throat cancer, or something. Yoongi had rolled his eyes and let the maknae make a snack run, looking at the time and permitting it since it was around 9, and people didn't usually mill around their building this late. Judging by the traumatized look on Ki-ha's face, something was telling Yoongi that he was going to regret having allowed their youngest make this run without one of his hyungs accompanying him.</p>
<p class="text">Ki-ha was so stricken that he didn't even move as Cheolmin drew him into a side hug. "Ki-ha," he said worriedly, actually serious for once, "what's wrong? You're as pale as--- Well, me, and that's a terrible color for you---"</p>
<p class="text">"A girl, she--- I was coming back from the store," Ki-ha said in a rush, his eyes blank as he stared at his feet. "And when I was--- I stopped at a traffic light and I was texting Seojun-hyung back. And then this girl - there were two girls - and one called my name, and---" His breath hitched and his shoulders tightened. Suddenly, he seemed afraid to speak, his lower lip trapped between two rows of pearly white teeth.</p>
<p class="text">Seojun stepped forward, clamping down one large, warm hand on their youngest's shoulder.</p>
<p class="text">"Breathe, Ki-ha," he said evenly, subconsciously demonstrating a slower pattern of breathing, loud and clear. "Slow and steady. You can tell us, just take your time."</p>
<p class="text">Joon-ki moved to stand beside Yoongi's chair. Namjoon had his arms crossed, exchanging an alarmed glance with Yoongi.</p>
<p class="text">It took a long time for Ki-ha to compose himself. "I turned around when I was called," he said eventually, still refusing to make eye contact with anyone. When Cheolmin attempted it, the maknae violently turned his head in the other direction. "And she--- I don't know if it was a fan, or a--- I don't know, she was wearing a jacket, and she took it off, and I---"</p>
<p class="text">"You were flashed?" Cheolmin whispered, voicing their worst fears. "A fan, no--- A sasaeng---"</p>
<p class="text">Ki-ha's silence was as good as an answer, and Namjoon palmed his face to hide what was probably a facial expression unlikely to win in a round of poker.</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi was fucking furious. Ki-ha was a fucking 19-year old kid; he was only just beginning to come to terms with the more nasty downsides of being a celebrity. For this to happen to him right now... The timing couldn't have been worse. "Did anything else happen?" He asked solemnly, inhaling deeply to try and keep his tone even.</p>
<p class="text">Ki-ha's eyes snapped to Yoongi's, and the producer felt anger flare up within him at the pure fear in the kid's eyes. "I--- She had a friend with her," he recounted quietly. "I didn't--- When it happened, I was so shocked that I stood still, but only for a second, and I--- I think I heard the sound of a camera shutter before I ran." He was pulled to sit down, and ended up stumbling onto Cheolmin's lap. It was absurd, comparing how small the hyung was to the maknae, but none of them had the mind to tell Ki-ha to get up. "I don't know what's happening, really, but---"</p>
<p class="text">After years of being in the entertainment industry, Yoongi knew. Namjoon knew too, by the way he was averting his eyes to avoid glaring at the members. "It was to get a rise out of you," he said quietly, picking his phone off the table and hitting Twitter first. The photo was already trending, and it had caused a massive response amongst ENTRIES who were against this person's vulgar actions.</p>
<p class="text">It had been reported, retweeted, uploaded everywhere. There was already a fan war brewing about the immaturity of the ENTRIES fandom with the fandom of another group, and they were going to need time to regroup from this. Fuck. "A reaction," Yoongi continued, his jaw clenched as he scrolled through his Twitter feed. "It's really fucking shitty, but you've just been greeted by your first sasaeng, Ki-ha."</p>
<p class="text">Namjoon was on both his work phone and his personal one, with Tumblr and Instagram opened separately. "Kids like that just want to be memorable, even if it's for something bad," he said, his tone as calm as it could possibly be under the circumstances, which was not really. His brows pinched sharply at what he found on his phones. "... It's terrible." He lifted his head and let out a long breath. "I'm so sorry, Ki-ha."</p>
<p class="text">"Are you okay?" Joon-ki grunted, walking up to the youngest member and squatting down in front of him. Awkwardly, he reached out and patted Ki-ha's knee, clearly not accustomed to comforting someone else. "I--- Look, Ki-ha, it's going to be fine, okay? In a while, this will be a distant memory, you don't need to think too much about it---"</p>
<p class="text">"Hyung," Ki-ha said, his voice cracking, "I just saw a woman's body. She---" He winced and looked away, his eyes filled with pain. "It was dark, and I'm not so sure I saw it properly, but her hand... I think there was a ring---"</p>
<p class="text">Seojun's shoulders tightened.</p>
<p class="text">Ki-ha lifted his head, getting to his feet and walking over to Yoongi. "Min PD-nim, I didn't---" He cut himself short, his lips gaping around words that didn't come. What did come, however, was a sudden tear that ran down his cheek. He choked, one of his hands reaching up and clenching the fabric of his shirt over his heart. "If I--- If, because of me, someone else's marriage---" He swallowed thickly, more tears running down his face as he made a confused expression. "I know that it's--- I know I'm a man, and this isn't--- I don't understand why I'm so---"</p>
<p class="text">"This isn't your fault," Yoongi growled, his head snapping up to look at his kid. His fucking kid, someone had fucking did this to his fucking kid. Ki-ha, who'd believed in Santa till he was almost 12. Ki-ha, who'd fed the fat-ass stray cat that hung around their building rather than himself one night, pre-debut. Ki-ha, who was still wide eyed with amazement every single fucking time he watched Harry Potter on in-flight entertainment. His. Fucking. Kid. "None of this was your fault, there are some seriously misguided people out there and this is not your fault, do you hear me?"</p>
<p class="text">"Yoongi," Namjoon started hesitantly, lifting a hand.</p>
<p class="text"><a id="p84"></a>"No," Yoongi snapped, lifting his own in response. "Joon, do not tell me to calm down right now because I swear to god, I am ready to fucking rip into someone and I really don't want that person to be you." He turned to face Ki-ha, who flinched back from the pure venom in Yoongi's eyes, the hatred that laid there for someone else. "I know you're a good kid," the producer said firmly, setting his phone aside and grabbing the maknae by the shoulders. "Before you hear it from anyone else, I want you to know that it's okay to be scared. It's okay for this to affect you." He shook Ki-ha mildly, desperately wanting to make sure his words were getting through. "It's okay for you to feel angry about this. Alright?"</p>
<p class="text">"But---" Ki-ha looked blank, like he was in a complete daze. "But so many other groups, they've... They never get angry at their fans---"</p>
<p class="text">"I'm not asking you to get angry at ENTRIES, I'm asking you to recognize the difference between a fan and someone who's clearly in need of professional psychiatric help," Yoongi hissed, frustrated.</p>
<p class="text">Ki-ha needed to know that he had a right to feel violated, to realize that just because he was a man, it didn't mean that he had to quietly accept this as something that would happen again in the future.</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi wanted Ki-ha to get angry, to be outraged that someone had done this to him. To know it wasn't right. "In the first place, you're no one else's group. You belong here, in B:ENT, so don't compare yourself with other idols. Even if other groups don't get angry at things their sasaengs have done on camera, do you think they aren't upset in private?"</p>
<p class="text">Everyone remained silent. Namjoon was scrolling through his Tumblr and Instagram feeds, the tense set of his shoulders confirming that the pictures taken of Ki-ha's reaction were already viral. Joon-ki was livid, his arms crossed and his lips pressed into a thin line. Seojun looked torn between wrapping Ki-ha in a hug and giving Yoongi and the maknae some space, while Cheolmin just seemed... Sad. Unhappy and miserable, completely unlike his usual bubbly self.</p>
<p class="text">Ki-ha's tears weren't stopping any time soon, even though he'd thankfully stopped hyperventilating.</p>
<p class="text">"Min PD--- Hyung," he whispered, before biting into his wobbly lower lip viciously. "I just--- I know it happened to others, to idols," he blurted, stressed out and wilting. "I didn't think--- I never imagined I'd be the one who---"</p>
<p class="text">"It happened," Yoongi said harshly, because it had. "But it's not acceptable, and it can't be tolerated.</p>
<p class="text">Do you understand me? It's wrong. What that sasaeng did to you was wrong, and you had no fault in the matter at all." He hesitated before pulling Ki-ha closer, wrapping his arm around this enormous kid tightly. "You never asked for this, Ki-ha, and I'm sorry. Things like this that we let happen--- I'm sorry."</p>
<p class="text">"Min PD-nim," Seojun protested, but Yoongi held up his hand again. He just kept having to stop people from cutting him off tonight.</p>
<p class="text">"I'm not blaming myself," he said pre-emptively, because he wasn't. "And I'm not blaming Joon, either." He glanced at his best friend, who had looked up at the mention of his name and nodded understandingly. Pulling back from Ki-ha, he watched the maknae finally dash his forearms across his face, using the long sleeves of his shirt to wipe his tears away. "I'm blaming this industry, this fucking society, for the way it undermines everyone on TV and dismisses them as actual human beings with feelings." Yoongi threw a hand out frustratedly, making sure to meet the eyes of all the ILGI members. "If there's anything that's made Ki-ha feel like he doesn't have a right to get mad and has to shoulder the guilt just for being good at what he does and being a celebrity, it's the entertainment industry, and the way it... It dehumanizes you, just because you're famous."</p>
<p class="text">"Yoongi is right," Namjoon said firmly, putting away his phones and looking at Ki-ha sternly. "And we've all been part of the problem in the past, not speaking up or addressing the issue well enough.</p>
<p class="text"><a id="p85"></a>Idols and groups have had their dorms broken into, have been sent fan letters with razor blades and sexually harassed with illegally installed cameras and CCTVs." His expression darkened. "If they think we're going to let you boys suffer like this without making a statement, they've got another think coming."</p>
<p class="text">"Cheolmin's been stalked and harassed before," Yoongi pointed out, glancing at the member in question, "but he dealt with it and we only found out after each incident, either through the internet or through your other managers."</p>
<p class="text">"I was able to handle it," Cheolmin spoke, tying his hair with a flick of his wrist behind his head. He set his hands in his lap and gestured for the maknae to move to him, standing up and hugging Ki-ha once he was close enough. "But I also never had anything this extreme done to me. People mostly just made jibes about my sexuality."</p>
<p class="text">"People made fucking jibes about your sexuality?" Joon-ki snarled, rounding on his heel and glaring at Cheolmin. "Why didn't you tell me shit? What does no one fucking tell me shit!?"</p>
<p class="text">"Because you react like this," Seojun glowered, side stepping Joon-ki and reaching out to squeeze Ki-ha's shoulder as the maknae was comforted by Cheolmin. It didn't seem like Ki-ha had any energy left to say anything. "You get angry, and there's no one we can get angry at once an incident is over. It's not like we can remember the faces of all our fans; how would you even pick them out of a crowd?"</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi sank back into his seat, massaging the bridge of his nose. "You boys go back home," he said tiredly. It was a shame that the night had turned out so shitty, considering how happy he'd been only just hours before, having a fruitful conversation with Jimin. All he wanted to do right now was to go home and have his head patted, to complain to Jimin and ask him what he'd do or say in his position, but now Yoongi was going to have to call up their copywriter to draft an urgent press statement. "I think it's better for us to call it a night."</p>
<p class="text">"Don't leave Ki-ha alone," Namjoon said quietly to Seojun, who nodded firmly. "And try to avoid letting him look at any social media, if you can. This has blown up; it's everywhere." Turning to Yoongi, Joon cocked a thumb over his shoulder. "Jin and I will drive the boys back to their dorm, just to be safe. I'll be back in after."</p>
<p class="text">"Yeah," Yoongi said immediately, relieved that Namjoon had offered. He didn't want to call Jungkook in; his PA would be curious because ILGI usually went home on their own, Yoongi would have to explain what had happened to him, and Jungkook would be 10 shades of furious---</p>
<p class="text">The PA was ridiculously attached to the boys, especially Ki-ha, and he looked at the maknae like he was a younger brother. "I'll draft a statement in the meantime."</p>
<p class="text">"Come on," Cheolmin said quietly, intertwining fingers with Ki-ha. On the other side of the kid, Joon-ki loomed, protective and refusing to leave his side. "Let's go home."</p>
<p class="text">"We'll take care of him," Seojun promised Yoongi privately, as Namjoon herded the other 3 members out of the room towards the lift. "If he can't sleep, I'll... I don't know. We'll watch a movie with him, or something." His eyes hardened. "We're not going to let him stew in this."</p>
<p class="text">Ki-ha had a tendency to do that--- Get caught up in his own thoughts. Great for writing lyrics most of the time, bad for processing emotions most of the time. "Send me a text if you think you'll need more sleep tomorrow morning," Yoongi said agreeably. They only had internal stuff before 2pm, so he could afford to shift most of their schedule around. "He's probably not going to be okay for a while, so give me updates on his condition." He glanced upwards. "I'm counting on you again, Seojun."</p>
<p class="text"><a id="p86"></a>Nodding firmly, the leader ran a hand through his hair. Silence stretched between them for a bit. "I just can't believe this happened to Ki-ha," Seojun blurted eventually, face twisted with frustration. "I mean, of all of us, he's the least ready to deal with something like this---"</p>
<p class="text">"No one is ever ready to be flashed, Seojun," Yoongi pointed out as he glared at the screen of his phone. His timeline was going insane. "That's why sasaengs do it. It's the harsh reality of the entertainment industry, but I'm not going to pretend this hasn't happened." He flipped his phone over so that the screen was facing the table, completely sickened.</p>
<p class="text">Seojun looked at Yoongi's phone bitterly with agreement. "Thank you for taking care of us," he said quietly.</p>
<p class="text">"I promised you boys I would," Yoongi said firmly, already drafting out his press statement in his head. Their copywriter was going to have to edit out a metric fuckton of expletives, but he was determined to keep it short and hard-hitting, in true, ILGI style. "I promised I'd be good to you boys.</p>
<p class="text">Unlike other producers who keep mum and play things by the books, you better believe I'm not going to fucking let this bullshit slide."</p>
<p class="divide">•·······•·······•</p>
<div class="pressbox">
<b><p class="press" style="text-align: center;">BULLETPROOF ENT WILL BE TAKING STRICT LEGAL ACTION IN ORDER TO PROTECT OUR ARTISTS</p></b>
<p class="press">We at Bulletproof ENT are aggrieved by the transgression conducted against the youngest member of ILGI, Ki-ha, earlier today. We would like to share our regrets over the sasaengs who have shown their affection for him in an entirely wrong way, and urge them to seek professional help.</p>
<p class="press">As their executive producer, I, Min Yoongi, have decided to pursue this matter and trace down the individual who has performed this lewd act against a minor. We are presently in the process of lodging a police report to identify the perpetrator, and conducting multiple investigations - online and offline - with a law firm in order to bring this matter to court. Please submit any information you might have of this incident to us.</p>
<p class="press">As the co-director of Bulletproof ENT, I am hereby informing you that starting from now, our company will be taking strong legal action against malicious rumors or false statements that are being spread online which defame any of our artists. We will also defend and protect ILGI, PAROXCISM, JK, SECRET and MINHO from any personal attacks conducted against them, physical or otherwise.</p>
<p class="press">Bulletproof ENT and our artists have worked very hard to embrace all criticism and evaluations with open minds in order to grow and improve as artists. However, we have decided that it has come to a point where we can no longer overlook the behavior of netizens and sasaengs who consistently and habitually distort the truth and make personal attacks regarding our artists' creative work, music activities, personal lives, and more with malicious intent.</p>
<p class="press">Recent information network systems and whistleblower protection laws have expedited court rulings on charges of defamation resulting in the sentencing of imprisonment and severe penalties. In order to protect our artists’ rights and interests, our company and a law firm has started the process of suing and reporting acts of creating false statements, spreading malicious posts and comments, and submitting it to the press with the intention of slander. Furthermore, we will firmly respond and take available legal action against artist defamation and cases of additional damage - physical or otherwise - without making settlements from now on.</p>
<p class="press">Ki-ha is presently in the company of his members. Though physically unhurt, he is heavily affected by this incident, mentally and emotionally. A fandom is a reflection of the artist they look up to. We urge all ENTRIES to please respect ILGI, and for you to continue supporting them in a healthy and appropriate manner.</p>
<p class="press">Thank you.</p>
<p class="press">Min Yoongi</p>
<b><p class="press">Co-director &amp; Executive Producer of Bulletproof ENT</p></b>
<i><p class="press">Posted at 3:11am</p></i>
</div>
<p class="divide">•·······•·······•</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi had woken up to a new tweet on ILGI's page, and no message from Seojun requesting a late morning.</p>
<b><p class="tweet">@ILGI_twt</p></b>
<p class="tweet">If the only thing we had to offer to the stage is our body, we wouldn't be ILGI. Please respect both us and yourselves more. Good night.</p>
<i><p class="tweet">3:52am</p></i>
<p class="text">An image was attached to the tweet; one of all four members. Cheolmin was pressing his fingers to his lips. Seojun was rubbing one of his eyes with a dopey yawn stretching his mouth open, and Joonki was looking blearily into the camera. At the center of the photo, Ki-ha was snoozing lightly with dark marks under his eyes. He must have cried himself to sleep, which distressed Yoongi, but the caption in response to the entire situation had been well worded and gracefully crafted. Even though they must have been furious on Ki-ha's behalf, they had managed to circumvent making any mistakes with a public message that could be misconstrued or used against them, at the same time urging their fans to conduct themselves in a praiseworthy manner.</p>
<p class="text">God, he couldn't be more fucking proud of his kids if he tried.</p>
<p class="text">Jimin rolled up Yoongi's left sleeve as the producer liked the tweet. "Ki-ha's a fighter. He'll pull through this," he said quietly, with a small and sleepy smile on his face. He took in a deep breath as he stepped back, nodding with satisfaction at Yoongi's attire. His eyes softened after a moment, and he picked up a cup of coffee, pressing it into Yoongi's hands. "They're good kids."</p>
<p class="text">"Yeah," Yoongi said honestly with a nod, setting his phone down and accepting it. Today was a new day; they'd all help Ki-ha move past this together. "They really are."</p>