**--- History/Background ---**
Fènghuáng was born as his mother died at the bottom of the imperial hierarchy. He was adopted by the Empress, who loved him as her own son. Growing up, he learned to hate his abusive father and older siblings. He was put under a lot of pressure and ridicule for being the first male Phoenix. When he was summoned to join The Academy, he went easily, thankful for being able to get away from his awful life at home.

**--- Personality ---**
- Fènghuáng's personality can most easily be described as bitchy by people who doesn't know him well, but it's a lot more complicated than that. He grew up in a very strict, unforgiving system, where anything less than perfection was seen as failure. Because of this, he's extremely hard on himself, to the point were he'll refuse to eat, drink, or sleep until he's gotten a project done perfectly. He also has a hard time getting along with people that he thinks are wasting their potential.
- He's very strict when it comes to completing school assignments, and is the driving force for Nor to finish his work unless he wants to get bitched at for a week.~ In the beginning, Fènghuáng was very hot-headed, and very much had a stick up his ass. Only calming down after spending long amounts of time in the woods working on his cultivation. And even then, the fire under his ass would light shortly after returning.
- However, after he and Nor started having relations, he was much calmer and relaxed, to a scary degree. Almost a complete 180 of his default personality. It was because, with Nor, he didn't have the expectations to be perfect in every way. He felt like he could let go and hand over control to another person. And as he and Book grew closer, he began to let down his guard with it too.
- Fènghuáng is very passionate. And when he loves someone, he's extremely protective over them. He tends to herd Nor and Book around, not liking to not know where they are if they aren't with him. Many would find it suffocating, but Nor and Book don't mind it all. When it comes to his two younger siblings and mother, the overprotectiveness turns into overdrive.~ Contrary to what I just described, Fènghuáng is not very expressive of his emotions. He lies somewhere in the middle between Nor and Book in expressiveness. On the outside, he seems very calm and collected. He really only has large emotive outbursts when pushed into an extreme rage or panic attack.
- Fènghuáng absolutely adores cats. It's why, when he and Book got over their differences, they get along so well. He's weak to everything it asks of him.


**--- External Conflicts ---**
 - He's constantly worried about his mother and younger siblings well being. Especially after not hearing from them in months.
 - Fènghuáng can be very blunt whenever someone says something to tick him off. And he gets ticked off very easily. He does not get along well with some popular student body members, causing him to have a bad reputation. Him being one of the top students and well-liked by the more strict professors does not help.
 - Fènghuáng and Book did not get along at the beginning of the story. Fènghuáng hated the fact that Book was so powerful and yet did nothing with it (in his eyes) to help other people. Book, whose very shy (also cannot speak), did not explain it's situation to him and avoided him like the plague to try and prevent conflict. This bouncing around each other ended up in a huge public fight between the two, and a falling out between Fènghuáng and Nor.
  
**--- Cultivation ---**
- Since Fènghuáng is the Phoenix, he was born with a Peak Golden Core, Early Golden Body. However, because of sickness and various plots against him by his family members and other interested parties, he did not get the chance to gather Qi and level until he was 15 years old. This left him very far behind his powerful siblings, bringing him great shame.
- As the story progresses, he discovers that in his room, there is a near-infinite amount of Qi to be breathed in. So he's in and out of cultivation in the second arc and onwards. He will eventually reach Peak Ascension (The strongest a Phoenix had ever been aside from the first) before he leaves for Tàiyáng De Ānxí Zhī Dì.
- Although he was unable to cultivate at a young age, Fènghuáng excelled at crafting pills and equipment. At the beginning of our story, he can craft Sky Grade like the back of his hand.