---
cssclasses:
  - fanfiction
Previous Chapter:
  - "[[03 - are you a girl or a boy]]"
Next Chapter:
---
<p class="title">what is your wish for 2017?</p>
<p class="text">Jimin was wide eyed and bushy tailed the entire time they were in the car, and Jungkook was probably going slowly insane. "Why can't you tell me anything about him?" He pouted, holding onto his stuffed dog and wondering if he should call Taehyung. On the off chance that Yoongi was going to have him brutally tortured and killed back in his apartment, at least his best friend would know it was all his fault for setting up a profile for him on Seeking Arrangement.</p>
<p class="text">"I have a strict confidentiality pact with him," Jungkook answered, carefully pulling into the next lane. He seemed professional and put together, sure, but he'd also made 3 references to memes thinking Jimin hadn't caught them. But Jimin had caught them alright, and he was storing that information away for later. Taehyung was going to fucking love this guy. "I'm not supposed to tell you anything; he'll explain things to you himself later when he gets home from work." He signalled a right turn at the junction and cruised the car to a stop, waiting for pedestrians to cross before he continued onwards. "We're reaching soon."</p>
<p class="text">"Aren't we in Gangnam?" Jimin murmured, looking around.</p>
<p class="text">"My boss lives in Seochu-gu," Jungkook explained calmly. He slowed at a traffic light and glanced at Jimin only once the car had stopped--- He seemed very accustomed to driving. "He doesn't usually spend much on himself, but he's purchased an apartment complex and installed a security system to protect his privacy." His eyes snapped back to the road as soon as the light turned green, and he continued towards Yoongi's house.</p>
<p class="text">"You can just call him familiarly, you know," Jimin lifted an eyebrow. "It's not like he's here, and you guys seem close enough."</p>
<p class="text">"He's still my boss," Jungkook pointed out professionally. "I don't call him hyung unless we're off the clock, and addressing him otherwise would give away more about him." It was considered rude to call someone only by their given name without the -ssi suffix in Korea. Shrewdly, Jungkook glanced at Jimin as he adjusted the rear-view mirror. "I'm not going to give you any hints, so you should stop playing games, Park Jimin-ssi."</p>
<p class="text">Jimin grinned, crossing his arms around his toy. "You're a pretty stubborn guy, Jeon Jungkook-ssi," he retorted.</p>
<p class="text">"I'm sure you'll understand the merits of being strong willed once you've met my boss," the PA replied smoothly, taking them uphill. Curiously, Jimin peered out of the window, wondering which of these buildings belonged to Yoongi. "He's very... Passionate, about his work. Sometimes it's worrying for everyone, including his colleagues and his employees, like me."</p>
<p class="text">Did Yoongi have a tendency to overwork himself? Before Jimin could ask, Jungkook took an abrupt turn and stilled in front of a concealed gate. It looked like nothing more than a black wall, and Jimin was confused. "Is--- Is this his house?" He asked uncertainly, trying to see over what was presumably the external gate. The only thing he could glimpse was the top of the short apartment complex, and it seemed to have heavily tinted windows. Jungkook hadn't been kidding when he'd said Yoongi valued his privacy. "This looks more like a fortress than anything."</p>
<p class="text">"Technically, I suppose it could be considered one," Jungkook agreed, taking out his phone. Pulling up an app, he typed in a 16-digit passcode, and the black wall slowly began to retract to the left.</p>
<p class="text">Jimin's eyes were bright and attentive as he watched a driveway slowly come into view, leading down towards a basement--- Presumably to a drop off point. Jungkook pocketed his phone and set his hands on the wheel, taking them into the compound once it was clear the car could pass through.</p>
<p class="text">"My boss is pretty paranoid about unwanted visitors."</p>
<p class="text">The lights in the basement came on as they entered, and Jimin stared at everything. It was all high tech, and he was amazed by everything. "I can't believe my daddy's the Korean James Bond," he murmured, wincing at the words on his tongue. They felt awkward, and he wasn't sure he liked saying it.</p>
<p class="text">Jungkook definitely hadn't. "Please don't," he pleaded with the driest tone he could muster. "Don't say that." He eased into a lot near the elevator and let out a long breath, tiredly parking the car and stopping the engine. "I don't think it'll take more than a couple of trips to get everything upstairs, since we dropped some of your stuff off at the Salvation Army, but let's just try to get everything upstairs in one go." They both got out of the car, and the PA lifted his finger, pointing upwards. "It's the penthouse unit."</p>
<p class="text">"Right," Jimin sighed forlornly, hugging his stuffed dog to his chest as Jungkook lifted the trunk lid of the car. "Of course it is."</p>
<p class="text">Between the both of them, they managed to get most of Jimin's shit into the medium-sized lift. In order to make it all fit without stacking any boxes, Jimin actually climbed on top of one and beamed, shooting an amused Jungkook a peace sign. "Don't fall down," the PA warned in advance. "It's all good, I used to dance in uni and I have great balance. Let's go."</p>
<p class="text">He'd been anticipating this the entire time he'd been in the car, but Yoongi's apartment was beyond anything Jimin could have imagined. He completely forgot about his own things as the lift doors opened, wandering out with wide eyes as Jungkook keyed the lift to stop it at the top floor for unloading. "Woah," Jimin whispered, staring down the spacious hallway at designer black furniture.</p>
<p class="text">Though the house was styled in a minimalistic manner, it still gave off a luxurious air. "It's so... White." Taking of his shoes, he set them down beside the lift - which was essentially Yoongi's front door, holy shit - and ventured deeper into this veritable stranger's home.</p>
<p class="text">"Sterile is the word you're looking for," Jungkook offered, grunting as he carried a box labelled BOOKS past Jimin. He set it down in the living room, cocking his head. "My boss prefers a clean home with a lot of space; he specifically ordered all of his furniture as well." Yoongi was oddly picky about strange things. Jungkook would have expected the producer to be more meticulous about his studio at the office, but it seemed that Yoongi was fine as long as there was a Soft Blanket Yankee candle in the room, which was... Weird. "The house is practically designed, and someone comes by every 3 days to keep it clean, but..."</p>
<p class="text">"There's nothing personal," Jimin said in a daze, turning on his heel and padding across the room.</p>
<p class="text">No pictures, no half open magazines... Nothing. The couch didn't even look like it'd been used in ages. Absently, Jimin wondered just how often Yoongi even came home--- It sounded like he was a very busy man. "What time do you think he'll be back--- Oh, woah," he blinked with wide eyes, watching Jungkook lug all his shit into the apartment. "I'm so sorry, I should have---"</p>
<p class="text">Jungkook sidestepped Jimin as he dashed over to help. "My boss usually gets away from work late. I'm sure he'll try to come back earlier today, but I wouldn't advise waiting up for him. He has a tendency to get caught up at the office." Grunting, he set the box atop the one he'd previously brought in, cracking his neck. "My instructions were to help bring you and your stuff here..." He watched as Jimin managed to carry the last few things in, smiling a tad awkwardly. He had to get back to the office soon; he was scheduled to review his cover with Namjoon and Yoongi in an hour.</p>
<p class="text">"I'll ah--- I should probably give you a tour before I go?"</p>
<p class="text">Jimin was a little weirded out to be left alone in a stranger's house, but he acknowledged that Jungkook probably had other places to be. "Alright," he said hesitantly, straightening up and swallowing thickly. "Um. Sure. Lead the way?"</p>
<p class="text">The tour was short and concise. Though Yoongi's apartment was big, it was sparsely decorated and oddly divided. The biggest room was the living room, with the accompanying balcony, followed by a piano room that was almost the size of Jimin's old living room. At the very center, the grand instrument was elegantly glossed, and there wasn't a speck of dust on its surface. The only other room in the house was Yoongi's large bedroom, half of which was partitioned by a thick pane of soundproof glass. There were instruments and recording equipment neatly arranged, and a myriad of documents still sprawled across the desk beneath a skylight.</p>
<p class="text">"The studio is locked," Jungkook added shrewdly, taking in Jimin's curiosity with caution. "I wouldn't suggest trying to break in, or snooping around." He pointed out various spots in the house where CCTVs had been installed, making Jimin gape. "Like I said, my boss really values his privacy. He's able to check in on the footage using his phone at any time."</p>
<p class="text">It was like living in a very elaborate and ornate prison. A little put out, Jimin pouted into one of the lenses. "Well, I can't not snoop at all," he argued, cocking his head and sticking out his tongue childishly. He ignored the sigh that spilled from Jungkook's lips--- It was getting easier to tune that out considering all the PA seemed to do was sigh, really. "I mean, you gave me the wifi password and everything but... What am I supposed to do for hours?" His eyes lit up. "Oh, oh. I need to call a friend. My best friend; I haven't told him about anything and he'd want to know if I'm doing okay---"</p>
<p class="text">"I don't know if that's a good idea," Jungkook said nervously, glancing up at one of the security cameras. "If my boss finds out---"</p>
<p class="text">"Come on," Jimin whined, getting a little annoyed at all these restrictions. He needed to talk to someone right now or he was going to go insane; being left to his own devices was going to be the last straw of this tedious day. "I don't know anything about him--- I only know his name is Yoongi and that he's probably a musician! What could I possibly tell my friend? I just have to talk to him, Jungkookie, please---"</p>
<p class="text">"Jungkookie---" The PA repeated incredulously before he shook his head to clear it. For a long time, he stayed quiet, clearly weighing the possible repercussions of letting Jimin go ahead with calling someone. At this point, he had to agree; it wasn't like Jimin could tell who his... Employer, was. He had very little to go on, and Yoongi was definitely bound to be held up for at least another few hours. It was a low risk to take, and Yoongi had instructed him quite clearly to ensure Jimin felt as comfortable as possible. "Fine," he acquiesced, immediately lifting a finger with narrowed eyes. "But don't share the location, and don't call anyone over. They won't be able to enter anyway, and trust me, compromising my boss' need for privacy is a sure-fire way to piss him off. Don't do it."</p>
<p class="text">"I won't," Jimin beamed, ecstatic as he dogged Jungkook's heels. The PA was really leaving, and he toed on his loafers before bending down and lacing the strings into a neat ribbon. "Thanks for helping me move all my stuff though; I really appreciate it."</p>
<p class="text">"Just doing my job," Jungkook hummed, straightening up quickly and adjusting the lapels of his suit.</p>
<p class="text">He smiled kindly at Jimin, and it transformed his face into one that looked younger and brighter. "For what it's worth, I think I was wrong about you. There's a possibility you'll be a pretty good influence on my boss." He turned towards the lift and entered it, turning around to press the button to return to the basement.</p>
<p class="text">Jimin cocked his head, lips pursed into a confused pout. "Wrong about me?" He repeated. "What did you initially think of me?"</p>
<p class="text">"That you were a money-grubbing, knife wielding, sexual predator," Jungkook said bluntly, making Jimin choke. The PA snorted as the doors began to close. "But, you know. You did worry about whether or not you needed to bring your microwave-clock, and you have a stuffed dog that's almost taller than you are, so there's that." The doors shut on him shooting Jimin a wry smirk.</p>
<p class="text">Completely blindsided by this cheeky shit of a PA, Jimin fished his phone out of his pocket with an offended glower. He found Yoongi's number - courtesy of Jeon Jungkook, who was extra as all hell, okay, that comment about Jimin's height was so fucking unnecessary? Who did he think he was, talking to his boss'... Sugar baby like that, what a little jerk, Yoongi was going to Hear Things about this tonight, god damn it - and sent a text off to him before calling Taehyung to gossip viciously about his day.</p>
<div class="chat">
	<div data-time="PARK.J" class="msg sent">  your PA is a fucking sarcastic prick </div>
	<div data-time="Yoongi (???)" class="msg rcvd"> Yoongi (???) is typing...  </div>
	<div data-time="Yoongi (???)" class="msg rcvd"> Yeah. </div>
	<div data-time="Yoongi (???)" class="msg rcvd"> Tell me something I don't know. </div>
</div>
<p class="divide">•·······•·······•·······•·······•</p>
<p class="text">"WHAT THE FUCK?" Taehyung hollered. "Jiminie, you gotta get out of there right now, like 5 minutes ago. What the hell? WHAT THE HELL?! Why are you making such terrible decisions?!"</p>
<p class="text">He gasped over the line, sounding horrified. "Oh my god. Did we trade places? Are you me? Am I you?" There was a smacking sound that obviously indicated Tae was viciously slapping himself as he spoke. "Have we traded bodies? Is this an episode of Star Trek, because I'm wearing a red shirt and that's a bad sign---"</p>
<p class="text">"Taehyung," Jimin tried to interrupt, but it was pretty difficult to interrupt Tae once he'd gotten on a roll.</p>
<p class="text">"Who am I? Why am I here?" The painter asked dramatically. Jimin could just picture him flinging his brush in the air, paint splattering the ceiling. Again. "Why have I been put here, in this specific place and time--- Wait." There was a short pause before Taehyung hissed, "Oh shit, oops. My landlord is going to kill me."</p>
<p class="text">Jimin sighed. "You seriously need to stop accidentally painting the walls of your apartment, TaeTae."</p>
<p class="text">"It's not my fault; it's a low ceiling, I'm only human? I'm a 179 centimetres of bad behaviour and explosive spastic movement, I actually don't know how I haven't been kicked out of here yet--- Oh," Taehyung quietened, cutting himself off. "My bad... Too soon?"</p>
<p class="text">"It's fine... It's not like I'm out on the streets right now," Jimin mumbled, ducking into Yoongi's bedroom and squinting at the CCTVs warily. After a brief moment of consideration, he decided to ignore them; Yoongi wasn't here and Jimin was sick of being told to wait. He was going to snoop, and he wasn't going to regret it. "Actually, it's worrying that I'm not on the streets right now; I can't believe he transferred me the 8 million, Tae. Do you know when the last time I had 8 million won in my back account was?" He tried to open a wardrobe, frowning when where were no handles. How the fuck did this thing work? "Never, okay? I've never had that kind of money."</p>
<p class="text">"Yo, even I'm not usually that loaded with cash, so I can kind of understand the moral dilemma you're facing," Taehyung allowed. "But still--- You're at the guy's house, Chim Chim. You don't know a thing about this... Yoongi, guy." He said the name like it was a dirty word, which, well. Jimin supposed that was fair for now--- It was nice to know that Taehyung cared, at least.</p>
<p class="text">"I know he has a PA and 8 million won to spare," he replied dryly, peering around the side of this fucking contraption and groaning. He couldn't believe he was literally fighting a wardrobe right now; could he not even snoop properly? Did everything have to go wrong with today? "His apartment's pretty... Clean. It's nice. Big." With a loud sigh, Jimin knocked his forehead against the dark oak door in frustration and yelped as the surface bent inwards. He leapt back, alarmed and expecting to find a dent, but all that happened was the wooden board shifting to crack open just the slightest bit.</p>
<p class="text">Because of fucking course Yoongi's closet had to be built in with some magic air cushioning technology, what was Jimin thinking.</p>
<p class="text">"What happened?" Tae asked, worried. "Did you bump into something?"</p>
<p class="text">"My pride," Jimin grumbled, "as it fell down a rabbit hole to the core of the burning Earth." Shaking his head, he comforted himself with the fact that he'd managed to get the wardrobe open after all.</p>
<p class="text">With that done, he resumed his snooping mission and opened all the doors of the 5 cabinets. His eyes grew wide as he took in the full collection of Yoongi's apparel. "Oh my god," he croaked dryly. "Oh my god, Taehyung, my sugar daddy's a member of the motherfucking Kingsmen."</p>
<p class="text">"Okay, now I'm seriously worried about you," Taehyung glowered. "What the hell is going on?!"</p>
<p class="text">"His closet is almost freakishly compartmentalized, Tae, it's giving me feelings." Jimin wanted to weep. "Tae, I could probably sell all of this shit and live off the money for the rest of my life---"</p>
<p class="text">Awed, he squatted and stared at a collection of dress shoes, each polished and prim and... What the hell was that whirring sound? Jimin lowered his head and peered into the back of the shoe compartment, his eyes widening at a gentle fall of cool mist running along the back of the closet.</p>
<p class="text">"Jesus Christ, his wardrobe is CLIMATE CONTROLLED," he screamed, setting his phone down on the floor and putting Tae on speaker so that he could palm his face with both hands. "Am I seriously in a Bond movie?! Am I a Bond girl?! I can't believe this guy, just how filthy goddamn rich---"</p>
<p class="text">Taehyung shrieked incomprehensibly over Jimin till he was the only one yelling. They both stopped and took a moment to breath, but the painter was quick to lay down the law once he'd caught his breath. "Alright," he panted down the line. "Rule one, you tell me everything you know about this guy again. Rule two, no more talking about his fucking... Furniture. Or his clothes! Just... Stop everything. Pause. Let's focus on how little you actually know about this dude?"</p>
<p class="text">"Don't call him a dude, he's like 2 years older than we are," Jimin protested. "So he's 31."</p>
<p class="text">Jimin dully traced the stitching along one of Yoongi's oxfords, the burgundy glossed leather shining beneath his fingertip. "Yeah. Probably a musician," he added, glancing over at the half of Yoongi's bedroom that had been converted into a studio. Somehow, it told Jimin a lot about the man that he'd specifically chose to have the sky light directly above his desk rather than over the bed, and he smiled a little. Yoongi was probably madly in love with his work. "Most of the compatibility questions he answered on Seeking Arrangement were about music, and he got super excited when he knew I listened to ILGI." That had actually been pretty cute. Jimin wondered if Yoongi stanned the same group. Maybe they could go for a concert together sometime.</p>
<p class="text">The painter sounded a little more absentminded as he hummed. "What about what he looks like?"</p>
<p class="text">"He didn't have any pictures," Jimin shrugged. He didn't expect the resulting shriek from Taehyung, and it made him jump almost a foot into the air from where he'd been squatting on the floor. "JESUS, WHAT THE---"</p>
<p class="text">"HOW THE HELL---"</p>
<p class="text">"Oh my god, you scared the life out of---"</p>
<p class="text">"YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT HE LOOKS LI---"</p>
<p class="text">"This isn't a big deal, you are making this into a way bigger deal than it actually is---"</p>
<p class="text">"NOT A BIG DEAL? I AM OVER HERE WILDING, JIMINIE, HE COULD BE 60 AND YOU'RE</p>
<p class="text">TRYING TO TELL ME---"</p>
<p class="text">Kneading the bridge of his nose, Jimin wondered exactly what he'd done to deserve this. "Okay, Tae," he said, very slowly, "At some point in the near future, I'm gonna need you to stop screaming so you can hear me." He waited for Tae to run out of expletives, picking up and tossing his phone on Yoongi's neatly made bed so that he could walk around the room, exploring more. The acoustics of the place made it easy for him to tell when Taehyung had finally quietened, and he cocked his head at a painting of a lily hanging on the wall. "Done?" He asked serenely without looking away, surprisingly Zen. Maybe it was because his best friend was doing more than his fair share of the freaking out as it was, but Jimin felt a lot better now.</p>
<p class="text">"I'm done," Tae mumbled. He sounded grumpy. "Honestly, Chim, I can't even believe your dumb ass---"</p>
<p class="text">"Hey, this dumb ass scored 8 million won," Jimin reminded, hurt. "Don't talk about my ass like that."</p>
<p class="text">"Jiminie, you know that I love your ass," the painter whined, "I'm all for it; I'm positively self-sacrificial for your ass, okay? But did you really have to put it on the line like this? What if he turns out to be a bad guy? Like Orochimaru?"</p>
<p class="text">"Orochimaru is the literal worst," Jimin grimaced, creeped out even just thinking about the antagonist from Naruto. "And Yoongi's nothing like that, okay? Trust me."</p>
<p class="text">"You told me to trust you when you went out with that jerk from the club a few months ago," Taehyung reminded, sounding petulant. "And the time before that? The guy who worked at the tattoo parlor?" Wearily, his best friend sighed. "You're in his apartment with nowhere to go. You've got all your things with you, so you can't run away even if you had to. Do you even know how to get out of the building? What if he comes to find you if you disappear?"</p>
<p class="text">Mildly perturbed, Jimin chewed his lip. He didn't think Yoongi was a bad guy, but Taehyung had been right about some of his ex's before... "I just really don't get that vibe from him," he said quietly, wincing at how flimsy his reasoning was. "I spoke to him on the phone earlier, and he seemed really nice? I know we haven't even officially met, but..."</p>
<p class="text">"Forget officially meeting, you don't even know what he looks like," Tae reminded. "I mean, he didn't even give you his family name. What, you don't think that's because he was scared you'd Google him? Come on Jiminie, I've raised you better than this."</p>
<p class="text">"Technically, if anyone's done any raising of the two of us, it's been me," Jimin corrected, but he could still kind of see Taehyung's point. Sinking onto the bed, he flopped on one side and felt the plush comforter moulding against his skin. Yoongi seemed to like the scent of refreshing things; there were a few candles around the house, and Jimin had already read the scent off each label. Crawling over to the bedside table, he squinted at the glass cup and snorted. "Seriously though, is anyone that bad going to use a Soft Blanket Yankee candle?"</p>
<p class="text">Taehyung seemed unamused. "Jiminie," he said very seriously, "are you telling me that you think serial killers don't have noses?"</p>
<p class="text">"Well, if you're going to be like that, then Voldermort---"</p>
<p class="text">"I KNEW IT, I KNEW YOU WERE GOING TO PLAY THE VOLDERMORT CARD," Taehyung wailed down the line, making Jimin giggle. "Why are you always like this, I can't believe how predictable your gags are Chim, it's so disappointing, please do something about it. Update yourself on some fresh Twitter memes from 2017, I'm---"</p>
<p class="text">"Speaking of memes," Jimin quickly jumped in, eager to change the subject, "Yoongi's PA is totally your type."</p>
<p class="text">There was a short pause before Taehyung's voice filtered through the call. "... Is he tall?"</p>
<p class="text">"He's about as tall as you," Jimin hummed, cradling Yoongi's scented candle in his hands. He lowered his head and inhaled the scent deeply, the comforting and subtle allure of it making him a little sleepy. "He wears suits well, has a nice smile and has natural dark brown hair." Taehyung preferred men whose appearances were a little toned down so that he stood out more with his daringly dyed hair--- Still purple, Jimin hoped. The color suited his best friend. "Best of all, he's a total meme." Jungkook could try and fake being a serious PA all he wanted; Park Jimin saw right through that nerd.</p>
<p class="text">"Oh my god," Taehyung said excitedly. "I love memes."</p>
<p class="text">"I know," Jimin grinned, wondering if he could find a box of matches to light the candle. "Best of all, he's so extra, TaeTae. Like, he tried to hide it behind this stern, 'I'm a fancy elite PA,' facade, but it's all bullshit. I bet he follows the same blogs you do."</p>
<p class="text">"I can't believe you found my ideal type before you even met your sugar daddy," Taehyung sighed whimsically, exasperated. "How do you even get yourself into these situations? I always thought that it'd be me getting myself into trouble like this."</p>
<p class="text">"Well, true, but I'm not in trouble yet," Jimin laughed, getting back up and huffing out a breath. He had a lot more snooping to do before he was ready to call it quits, and the first thing he was going to look at again were the other contents of Yoongi's wardrobe. For science. "Let's not jump the gun here; the important thing is to piece together a visual." Approaching the closet, he at least didn't struggle with opening it again this time. "The shoes were promising, but let's see what else he's got."</p>
<p class="text">He'd yet to find a single article of Yoongi's casual clothing; were those kept in a separate wardrobe?</p>
<p class="text">"Looking at these dress pants, he's probably around my height..."</p>
<p class="text">"Park Jimin, fashion detective," Taehyung mock wept on the other end of the line. "The modern day Sherlock Holmes; an inspiration to gay men everywhere. I'm so proud---"</p>
<p class="text">"TAEHYUNG THESE POCKET SQUARES ARE LIBERTY SILK---"</p>
<p class="text">"HOLY SHIT---"</p>
<p class="divide">•·······•·······•·······•·······•</p>
<p class="text">"Things are getting a lot worse," Namjoon rubbed his eyes tiredly. Seokjin was already snoozing, slumped against his shoulder in the car. None of the 3 of them were up to driving, so they'd shared a cab after work and Yoongi was presently in the basement of his apartment complex at 4:07am. "Stuff like arguments between the ROXIES and really bad hashtags are trending... I really don't want this to be another #cutfor case, but if it continues going in that direction then..."</p>
<p class="text">"I know he doesn't tend to look at social media too much, but even if it's Ki-moon, he won't be able to handle that well," Yoongi nodded, trying to keep his eyes open. His hands were buried in the pockets of his hoodie as he turned to look at Namjoon from the front seat. "I know." Biting on his lip, he tried to think of a reason why the lead dancer would be disliked this much, but came up empty. "I don't understand. Why isn't he being as well received as the other members?"</p>
<p class="text">"His visual is more unique," Namjoon admitted, frowning. "He tends to err more on the punk side where it comes to style, so some people are complaining that he doesn't fit in with the other members.</p>
<p class="text">A lot of people are also saying he can't sing or rap well, and that PAROXCISM isn't a dance team, so he should leave the group and debut elsewhere." Wearily, he raked his hair back and looked at Yoongi with hooded eyes. "While I can kind of understand the comments about his style and image, I don't want to change it either because that's actually the look he's comfortable with. I don't exactly know what we can do about it, but there has to be something."</p>
<p class="text">"He's got a quiet personality too, so people don't get to know a lot about him as compared to the rest of the members... He doesn't feel too comfortable in front of the camera when they do broadcasts yet." Yoongi's head tipped back against his headrest as he turned to face the front. In some ways, Kimoon reminded him a lot of ILGI's maknae, Ki-ha; it was probably why the two were close within the company. "I'm not sure, but it could be one of the reasons too."</p>
<p class="text">"He's definitely noticed it; that chasm between his reputation and that of the other members,"</p>
<p class="text">Namjoon added frustratedly, holding out a tablet from the backseat. Yoongi reached for it, finding an article from their fancafe already loaded on the screen. "We both know what kind of guy Ki-moon is; he doesn't usually tend to get sentimental, but he wrote that as his end of year wish to ROXIES."</p>
<p class="text">"I want to be loved and respected by ROXIES in 2017," Yoongi read aloud quietly. The other members of PAROXCISM had said more, elaborated more on their dreams and wishes for the year ahead, but Ki-moon's message had been short and concise. It was obvious that he was aware of how poorly he was being received as a member of the group, and Yoongi's face fell. "That's... Definitely not what I would have expected out of him." Ki-moon tended to write a lot more than he spoke. This was extremely out of character for him, in many ways.</p>
<p class="text">Knowing that those words had come from Ki-moon was nothing short of heartbreaking. Though he didn't have the brightest personality, he shone on stage, and he put in the endless hours to assume his role as the dance leader of PAROXCISM. Whether it was rumors about him being rude - both to other idols and to his own members - or rumors of him being arrogant and standoffish, Ki-moon had his character slandered by antis many times in the past. It was also rare for Ki-moon to have fans picking him for high touch events, and for ROXIES to linger in front of him at fanmeets. Yoongi considered it a very real concern; if this went on any longer, it could severely affect Ki-moon's self-esteem.</p>
<p class="text">Namjoon scrubbed his eyes tiredly, trying not to wake Jin up as he sighed heavily. "Yeah," he agreed. "Right? He breaks himself on the daily just at choreo, and he's been diligent with his vocal training too, in preparation for their solos." The co-director made a face. "I don't even want to think about how upset Taemin and Daesung are going to be, because dealing with that would almost be worse..."</p>
<p class="text">"If Daesung's upset, Daehyun's upset, and if Daehyun's upset, Sung-ho's upset. Then Taemin will get upset because everyone's upset, and if Taemin's upset, we're all suffering till the rapture comes," Yoongi droned, lowkey already wanting to die. Tired, he pressed the heels of his palms into his eyes.</p>
<p class="text">"Let's just... Try to find a solution for this before it escalates too much. Something like this could really bring down your kid's self-esteem." He winced, remembering how Ki-moon used to be. If people thought him quiet now, they'd have thought him to be mute back then. "I'd hate to have to start from ground zero again."</p>
<p class="text">Nodding agreeably, Joonie shot Yoongi a tired wave. "Night, hyung," he said under his breath. "Rest well."</p>
<p class="text">Grunting, Yoongi got out of the car and nodded gratefully to the patient driver for waiting. The old man smiled at him and peeled back out of the basement, slow and careful so that his passengers in the back were comfortable. Trudging towards the lift, Yoongi pushed the button for the penthouse before remembering exactly what awaited him up there. Or at least, what would have awaited him hours and hours ago--- God, he was a dick.</p>
<p class="text">He rushed into the elevator, hoping Jimin was asleep and that he hadn't stayed up. Yoongi had gotten so caught up at work, even with repeated reminders from Jungkook to head back as soon as possible before his PA left for the night. After they'd finished with JK's cover review, he'd stayed back for post-production with Namjoon, and somehow the process had dragged out as they discussed other matters while taking short breaks. In the process of all of that, Yoongi had somehow managed to forget there was a human being waiting for him at his apartment for the first time in literally ever.</p>
<p class="text">He'd never had someone to wait up for him after he was able to afford buying his own house.</p>
<p class="text">Feeling like a complete asshole, Yoongi entered his own home silently. Removing his shoes, he placed them next to a pair of sneakers that were well worn and comfortable looking. Keeping his socks on, he unlocked his phone and used the flashlight to navigate his way around his unlit home---</p>
<p class="text">With all the lights turned out like this, Jimin was probably already asleep, then. That was a relief.</p>
<p class="text">With great care, he approached his bedroom, directing the light towards the floor. Complete silence greeted him, and Yoongi frowned in confusion. He was so used to Joon snoring behind him on the sofa in his private studio that it was odd, knowing someone else was actually capable of sleeping without making a sound. Setting his bag down on the ground neck to the door, he sighed quietly and cracked his neck, feeling the ache of his long day coursing through his body like a wave of pain.</p>
<p class="text">When he turned around, he was face to face with a silhouette holding up a weird bulky-looking weapon.</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi screamed.</p>
<p class="text">Jimin - presumably - also screamed.</p>
<p class="text">They were both screaming for an extended period of time--- Yoongi distantly considered himself lucky he didn't have any neighbours.</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi clapped twice and the lights came on, making Jimin yelp and squint at the sudden brightness that filled the room. He dropped the item in his hand - one of Yoongi's old trophies, what the hell - and covered his eyes with a lethargic groan. "Min?" Yoongi said cautiously, remaining far away from the other and having half a mind to grab a trophy for himself. Maybe Jungkook was right and Jimin had violent tendencies--- Though Yoongi doubted it, considering Jimin was presently trying to fit his entire head under the belly of a large stuffed dog.</p>
<p class="text">"Oh, god," Jimin blurted, sitting up and staring at Yoongi with wide eyes. Slowly, he cocked his head, his tousled bed hair falling to frame his face as he remained upright. "... Y-Yoongi?" He paused. "... Daddy?"</p>
<p class="text">"Jesus, fuck, no, please don't do that," Yoongi blurted out, lifting his hands in alarm. "That just makes me sound like a weirdo--- Just call me Yoongi, since we're... Whatever we are," he trailed off lamely, his arms falling to his sides. He hadn't realized how awkward this was going to be. Warily, he approached his own bed and sat down at the foot of it, watching Jimin slowly but surely scoot back towards the headboard. Stilling, Yoongi lifted an eyebrow at him. "Min," he asked with a quirk of his eyebrow, "are you afraid of me?"</p>
<p class="text">"No," Jimin protested defensively, before he narrowed his eyes at Yoongi. "Okay, yes, a little, but that's not--- It's just that---" He quietened, turning his way this way and that as confusion filled his eyes. "I'm sure that I've never met you before," he thought aloud with a frown, "but you... Look really familiar..."</p>
<p class="text">Should he wait for Jimin to figure this one out, or just tell him? He was barefaced, after all. Yoongi fidgeted, clearing his throat. "I, uh---"</p>
<p class="text">"Holy shit," Jimin breathed, interrupting him. He held up a hand before leaning in, seemingly wide awake now. "You're... I've seen you on TV. On... Award shows?"</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi and Namjoon usually accompanied their artists to those; it would be reasonable for Jimin to have caught a glimpse of him on TV in the past. They were also regularly interviewed by magazines and they'd participated on some reality TV shows; Joon had been called back to Problematic Men once he'd announced his retirement. "Yeah," he said with an awkward nod, trying to calm himself down. One of Jimin's sleeves had slipped off his shoulder and it was wildly distracting; this guy needed to... Not do whatever he was doing to Yoongi's brain. "I've ah... I've been on TV." Shaking his head, he eventually gave in and reached for the hem of Jimin's collar, averting his eyes as he dragged it to cover the slope of his collarbones so that he wouldn't continue staring. "I'm Min Yoongi; I'm from---"</p>
<p class="text">"--- Bulletproof ENT," Jimin finished for him seamlessly, his mouth gaping slightly. "You're--- You own the--- You're the CEO of Bulletproof Entertainment."</p>
<p class="text">"I'm a co-director," Yoongi corrected uncomfortably, clearing his throat. He could deal with talking about work. Yoongi talked about work all the time; this was fine, albeit a little weird. "Namjoon and I started the company after we retired... Hoseok's with us as our choreographer, and---"</p>
<p class="text">"Oh my god, you're--- Holy shit." Jimin repeated, clutching his head in his hands. He stared at his lap uncomprehendingly. "That's why you were so hyped when I said I listened to ILGI--- Jesus Christ," he blinked slowly. "... I'm Agust D's sugar baby."</p>
<p class="text">Okay, wow, that had gone from 0 to 100 real quick. Yoongi could suddenly understand why Jungkook was squeamish around the term sugar baby, because it was giving him a bit of a migraine now. "Look, I'm--- You're not---" He sighed, trailing off and massaging the bridge of his nose.</p>
<p class="text">"Let's just... Take this slowly." He made a placating gesture with his hands, not entirely sure what to do with them after he stopped. "One step at a time."</p>
<p class="text">"What steps are there to take? I'm---" Jimin laughed incredulously, still riding off this new information. After a long moment, he turned to Yoongi with an indecipherable look in his eyes. "Is this a prank? Did--- Is this all just a joke?"</p>
<p class="text">100 to 200 really fucking quick. "No," Yoongi blurted, reaching out and stopping a hairsbreadth from touching Jimin because he looked like he was 5 seconds away from possibly having an aneurysm. "I--- This isn't a joke. None of it was a joke, I just---" He sharply withdrew his hands as Jimin's eyes snapped to his, and he averted his own. "I wanted to help you. I thought we..." He ran a hand through his hair tiredly, because this was not the conversation he'd wanted to have at 4 in the morning. Hell, this wasn't really a conversation he wanted to have at any time of the day, it was going so badly. "I thought we got along pretty well, so..." He trailed off lamely, not really knowing how to continue.</p>
<p class="text">Jimin chewed on his lower lip, and for a while, they sat in silence. Eventually, he shifted a little on his ass and cleared his throat. "I'm... Thank you," he said quietly. "For... For helping me." He hesitantly reached out and took one of Yoongi's hands between his own. "I just want to understand why you did this for me. We barely know each other, and to be honest, I think I've been taking it a lot better than other people would have?" He laughed dryly, sounding equally as exhausted as Yoongi felt. "And there's been yelling. A lot of screaming, really--- You can ask your meme of a PA."</p>
<p class="text">That startled him. "Did you just call Jungkook a meme?" Yoongi asked, blinking with wide eyes.</p>
<p class="text">"Oh crap, I didn't mean---"</p>
<p class="text">"No, no," Yoongi nodded furiously in agreement. This was good. They had common ground. "I'm not correcting you, he really is a living meme, I can't even believe someone like him exists anymore---"</p>
<p class="text">That made Jimin giggle, and it was pretty much the most charming thing Yoongi had ever heard. "I don't think he knows that I think he's lame," Jimin admitted with a cheeky smile. "But I do have a friend who'd get along with him really well."</p>
<p class="text">If they were going to manage circumventing the awkwardness of meeting each other by talking about Jungkook, Yoongi was going to give his PA a goddamn Mercedes for his birthday. "He takes himself too seriously sometimes," he said, the tightness in his shoulders gradually lessening as they spoke a little more comfortably. "He's a good kid, but I'm worried he's going to end up like me."</p>
<p class="text">Jimin looked at him curiously. "Like you?" He repeated, thumb stroking over the curve of Yoongi's knuckle encouragingly. He actually seemed interested, which was novel because the last time he'd tried to reach out, Yoongi had been used to people not really giving too much of a shit about him or what he had to say. "What do you mean?"</p>
<p class="text">"A workaholic," Yoongi said quietly, looking down at his hand. It had been a long time since someone had held his hand like this--- A long time since he'd allowed anyone to come close enough.</p>
<p class="text">He hadn't wanted to--- Yoongi had spent most of his life fighting for the dream he was living now, and all it took was a single misstep to make everything fall apart. People had disappointed him over the years, and while he wouldn't really say he was bitter or hung up on those betrayals, Yoongi could definitely admit to being cynical. "A little bit lonely, maybe," he confessed, with a small and crooked smile. He'd lost touch with a lot of people.</p>
<p class="text">"Is that why you helped me?" Jimin asked, gentle and soft. "Because you're lonely?"</p>
<p class="text">If he was being honest with himself - and Yoongi rarely was, because fuck that noise - yes. His first and only relationship had crashed and burned spectacularly when he'd been a university student, and Yoongi had never deigned to find anyone else. His ex had been a serial cheater; one that had used Yoongi's insecurities against him, discouraging him from pursuing a career in music just so he could spend more time with Yoongi at his beck and call. The breakup had been ugly and public and cruel.</p>
<p class="text">Combined with the stress of excelling at school and being under the thumb of his parents' disapproval, Yoongi had sank into a pit of depression and social anxiety so severe he'd been prescribed medication. Only his brother, Seung-gi, had supported him--- And he remained to be the only family member Yoongi still spoke to till this day.</p>
<p class="text">He'd graduated with shitty grades back then, swearing that he'd never divide his focus like that again.</p>
<p class="text">And he hadn't--- Not during his time with BigHit, and definitely not after he'd started his own company. Yoongi had been naive once. He never wanted to be naive again.</p>
<p class="text">This venture with Jimin was just Yoongi's selfish way of enjoying the better parts of having a relationship with someone without actually having to... Well, get too invested. "Because I wanted to talk to someone without worrying about anything," he admitted, slumping on the bed. Laying on his side, his eyes slid shut and he melted into the comfort of his bed. "Whether it's my reputation or things like money... I didn't want people to give it any attention if I want to be close to them." He looked up at Jimin, who was carding a hand through his hair. It felt good. "I just want someone to talk to."</p>
<p class="text">Jimin looked crestfallen, which was bewildering. "You don't have anyone to talk to now?"</p>
<p class="text">"Not really," Yoongi shrugged. He spoke to Seung-gi, sure, but they usually talked less about their own personal lives and more about how his hyung's wife was doing, carrying their first child.</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi didn't want to talk too much about work to his brother either, and it seemed Seung-gi felt the same way about his own career. Their time spent chatting on Skype was always blissfully void of any heavy content, which was what made it so relaxing. "I mean, I'm best friends with Joon and Hoseok, but we work together, so... We end up talking about our kids, 90% of the time." He couldn't remember the last time they'd just gone out for a beer and chilled, really.</p>
<p class="text">"Your kids?" Jimin chuckled, leaning back against the headboard. Tapping Yoongi's shoulder, he gestured for him to come closer as he laid a pillow across his lap. "You sound like a dad."</p>
<p class="text">"I feel like a dad," Yoongi said, smiling at the invitation. He was glad that they were having a proper conversation and kind of getting along, but it felt like he'd drop off at any moment. Fuck showering; he'd do it in a couple of hours before he went back to work. "Joon-ki seems determined to drive me into an early grave and Ki-ha still calls me abeoji by accident from time to time---" Which was cute, if nothing else. "I'm sorry if I fall asleep, by the way. I might have to; I've got to be back in the office by 7:30." Yawning, he covered his mouth and flopped onto the pillow in Jimin's lap, mumbling against it. "Can you turn off the lights? Just clap twice, really quick..."</p>
<p class="text">"You had a long day at work?" Jimin asked. He did as Yoongi asked and the room dimmed, till only a vague outline of their bodies were visible in the complete darkness. His fingers threaded through Yoongi's blonde hair, fanning it over the swell of the pillow around his head, deliberately slow and unbelievably comforting. Yoongi couldn't remember the last time he'd been lulled to sleep like this. "You looked really tired..."</p>
<p class="text">"We had a lot of things to sort out," Yoongi muttered, worrying about Ki-moon. They really had to do something for that kid; he didn't deserve half the shit he got, both from the fans and antis. "I'm sorry we haven't been able to talk much," he added under his breath. "And that--- That I was back so late?" It came out as more of a question than a statement--- Yoongi hadn't apologized to anyone for being home late in years and the words sounded odd on his own tongue. "We can talk more tomorrow..."</p>
<p class="text">"Don't be sorry," Jimin whispered. He sounded like he was smiling as he curved a hand over Yoongi's shoulder, giving it a gentle squeeze. "You should rest. Go to sleep, Yoongi."</p>
<p class="text">And Yoongi did.</p>
<p class="divide">•·······•·······•·······•·······•</p>
<p class="text">Jimin had crept out of the room at 6:30, contemplative as he rummaged through the things in Yoongi's fridge to make some breakfast. There were way too many pre-packaged meals for his liking; it was obvious that Yoongi wasn't very good at taking care of himself, even if he was good at taking care of others.</p>
<p class="text">Or at least, Jimin was pretty sure he was. They hadn't talked for long, but Yoongi's voice - and wow, that voice, that sort of rhythmically drunken drawl - was the most gentle when he'd spoken about his artists, especially ILGI. It was also obvious that Yoongi had a soft spot for Jungkook, and that he cared way more for the guy than any boss typically would for their employee. Jimin would know; his ex-boss had turned out to be a complete and total jerk.</p>
<p class="text">He didn't want to jump to conclusions yet; they'd technically just met each other, but Yoongi just seemed like a guy who wanted some company. Sure, he'd gone about it in what was possibly the most convoluted way there was, but he'd had his reasons... Jimin had never found it very hard to make friends, especially not with Tae around to kind of lubricate any social faux pas. They were both outgoing and social, but it was clear to see that Yoongi wasn't like that. He purchased an entire building to protect his privacy, for fuck's sake.</p>
<p class="text">Looking around the house earlier had made Jimin realize something; it was a living space for one, and it had been for a long time. As someone who had been through a good number of relationships, he could tell that there were no traces of another person--- No clothes that didn't belong to Yoongi, no extra toothbrush or towel in the bathroom. There was only one chair on the balcony, and a single, stubborn coffee stain on the counter. More than that, there was almost no trace of even Yoongi in the apartment; the only cluttered area was his studio, where he obviously spent most of his time. It was what made Jimin believe Yoongi when he'd said he was lonely--- He'd obviously been alone for quite a while.</p>
<p class="text">All that aside, there was still the matter of Yoongi seeming genuinely perplexed at any mention of his reputation, fame or money. The way he'd kind of seized up or cringed every time Jimin mentioned his stage name or his position within his own company, it almost seemed like he'd wanted Jimin to pretend all of it didn't exist. If Yoongi had been the most comfortable talking about the people in his company, he'd been the most uncomfortable talking about himself within its boundaries. It was obvious that he wanted to be seen as an individual, needed to be distanced from that corporate persona of himself from time to time--- And it didn't seem like he had anyone that did that for him.</p>
<p class="text">He was probably hoping Jimin could be that person.</p>
<p class="text">And he would; Yoongi seemed like a genuine and kind guy - for now, he had to remind himself - and Jimin was more than relieved about that. Still, there was no way of completely ignoring who he was, what he'd done and what he was presently doing--- Jimin had been a long-time fan of both PAROXCISM and ILGI, and he'd somehow ended up... Dating? Their producer? Were they dating?</p>
<p class="text">The thought made Jimin a little giddy. Not because he was going to badger Yoongi to let him meet his artists - because that would be a dick thing to do - but because he'd thought his sugar daddy was going to turn out to be some musician who'd messed around a little with the industry and called it quits, not a top class rapper in his time who'd then retired to manage two of the most popular groups in the current Korean entertainment arena. Agust D, Rap Monster and JHope had been legends; Jimin hadn't wanted to embarrass himself earlier, but he had every single album Yoongi had put out with RM and JHope. He'd even gone to their concerts in the past, and he remembered Taehyung screaming the lyrics to their Cypher tracks obsessively whenever they went for karaoke--- Hell, sometimes Taehyung still did that now.</p>
<p class="text">Speaking of which, Jesus. Tae was going to flip his lid.</p>
<p class="text">Shaking his head, Jimin tried to focus as he drew out a package of sausages and a small carton of milk, both unopened. What could he make for Yoongi? Rubbing his eyes, he shuffled around the kitchen in the fluffy indoor slippers he'd brought from his own apartment. There were eggs, so he had the option of making an omelette... But it'd be really bland and he wouldn't have any idea what else to put into it. Yoongi's vegetable drawer was empty, and it didn't look like he had any bread or bacon. Chicken was a little too heavy in the morning, and he wasn't sure how long that had actually been in the fridge, so---</p>
<p class="text">"Fuck," Yoongi's voice came in a low hiss from the bedroom, startling Jimin. "Hey, Min?"</p>
<p class="text">"Yeah!" Jimin blinked, setting everything aside and quickly walking over. "Hey," he said, opening the door slowly. It turned out he didn't have to, because the lights in the room were already on and Yoongi was already opening his wardrobe to get dressed. A little surprised at the disappointment that welled up watching him, Jimin sank down on the bed. "You're already leaving?"</p>
<p class="text">"I have to, a couple of my appointments were shifted up and I have something urgent to work on before I can go for those," Yoongi sighed, frowning at his clothes grumpily. "Fuck, it's too early for this..." Pinching his nose bridge, he turned to Jimin. "Could you help me pick something to wear? I have a 2 o'clock and I have to dress formally. Jungkook usually helps me with this shit, but it's a little early to call him so I'll just cab back to the office..." He ran a hand through his hair, looking slightly dazed. "I need to go brush my teeth and---"</p>
<p class="text">"Just go," Jimin encouraged, hopping off the bed and already making a beeline for a navy blue blazer he'd spotted earlier in the day when he'd been snooping. "I can handle this much."</p>
<p class="text">"Thanks," Yoongi croaked tiredly, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. He paused on his way to the bathroom before turning on his heel, walking over to Jimin and putting a hand to the back of his neck to give it a gentle squeeze. "Good morning," he slurred, clearly trying to force a smile of some sort out of guilt. "I'm sorry to rush off like this again. I wish we could have woken up together, but---"</p>
<p class="text">Jimin flushed a little, feeling Yoongi's palm and the press of his fingers. "It's okay," he said quietly, a little flattered for some reason. Yoongi was being thoughtful, even though he really didn't have to be, and it made warmth blossom in Jimin's chest. "I understand, so go ahead and get ready." He turned back to the wardrobe and began picking things out as Yoongi shuffled off to the adjoining bathroom, leaving the door open so they could continue talking. "Blue's okay, right?" He called out.</p>
<p class="text">"Mmm," Yoongi hummed, "yeah, blue's fine." The tap started going, filling a cup before the sound of water ceased. "What were you doing awake so early?"</p>
<p class="text">"I slept while you weren't home, so I wasn't tired after we talked," Jimin said distractedly, trying to pick out a good tie from the impressive rack. There had to be at least 20 hanging on the bar, and he was having a hard time color matching this early in the morning. "I was going to make breakfast, but..."</p>
<p class="text">Yoongi walked out with a frown and a toothbrush in his mouth, one of his hands curled around the handle. "Fuck," he cursed around a mouthful of toothpaste, a regretful look in his eyes. "I'm really sorry, Min."</p>
<p class="text">Flapping a hand, Jimin giggled at the sight of him. This guy was a big shot co-director? It was kind of adorable knowing that even Agust D - 'tongue technology, send you to Hong Kong' Agust D - could look like this in the mornings. "Don't worry about it," he said with a smile, deciding on the tie with a subtle studded print. Yoongi returned to the toilet as Jimin continued picking out his attire for the day. "We can eat together another time, okay?"</p>
<p class="text">"Wanna talk more with you," Yoongi's distorted voice echoed from the toilet before he gargled and the tap began to run again. He spat into the sink, clearing his throat. "I'll try to come back earlier," he added, much more coherently now that his mouth was empty. There was a pause in the conversation as he washed his face, and the producer walked out to an arrangement of clothing left for him on the bed. He inspected the combination and seemed to find it acceptable, by the way he turned to smile at Jimin. "Let's try to eat dinner tonight?" He raked his fringe back from his face with his fingers, cocking his head. "Together."</p>
<p class="text">Pleased, Jimin nodded. "Okay," he said in anticipation. "Let's talk more tonight."</p>